
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   535115500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  535115500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              114251239                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 237088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 81574                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 80110                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 79121                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 81238                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 80899                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 79820                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 79202                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 79066                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               641030                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       406208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5473                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5509                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5540                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5388                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5404                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5375                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5435                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5475                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            449807                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  11026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                152441856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                149705998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                147857799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                151813954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                151180446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                149164059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                148009168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                147755017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1197928298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         759103409                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10227699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10294974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10352905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                10068854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                10098754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10044560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10156686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10231436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              840579277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         759103409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               162669555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               160000972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               158210704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               161882808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               161279200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               159208619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               158165854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               157986453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2038507575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55271                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.751313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      391.751313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.765139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    647463503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    647463503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    554640697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    554640697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1202104200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1202104200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1202104200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1202104200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.808310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.953326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.860173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.860173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 17730.468083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17730.468083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 23130.268026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23130.268026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 19870.804681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19870.804681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 19870.804681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19870.804681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       749854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.535172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    610946503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    610946503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    530662697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530662697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1141609200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141609200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1141609200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141609200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    751203683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    751203683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    933372844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    933372844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1684576527                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1684576527                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.808310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.953326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 16730.468083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16730.468083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 22130.309729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22130.309729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 18870.821211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18870.821211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 18870.821211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18870.821211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 75429.629782                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75429.629782                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 170479.058265                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 170479.058265                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 109147.112025                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 109147.112025                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99085                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54836                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.296117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      391.296117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.764250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    652011208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    652011208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    548619495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    548619495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1200630703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1200630703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1200630703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1200630703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.808847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 17819.869578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17819.869578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 23163.162128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23163.162128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 19919.545791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19919.545791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 19919.545791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19919.545791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       748495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59422                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.596261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    615423208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615423208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    524934495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524934495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1140357703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140357703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1140357703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140357703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    747152224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    747152224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    944376752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    944376752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1691528976                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1691528976                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.808847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 16819.896909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16819.896909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 22163.162128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22163.162128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 18919.562382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18919.562382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 18919.562382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18919.562382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 75454.678247                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75454.678247                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 171362.139721                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171362.139721                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 109746.900409                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 109746.900409                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99705                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55132                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.363987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      393.363987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.768289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    655863609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655863609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    555301116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    555301116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1211164725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1211164725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1211164725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1211164725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.807609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 17868.508623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17868.508623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 23154.912685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23154.912685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 19957.564635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19957.564635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 19957.564635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19957.564635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       744784                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.466882                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    619160609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619160609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    531319116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531319116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1150479725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1150479725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1150479725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1150479725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    736103391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    736103391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    958643718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    958643718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1694747109                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1694747109                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.807609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 16868.563111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16868.563111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 22154.912685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22154.912685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 18957.597591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18957.597591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 18957.597591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18957.597591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 75536.520369                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75536.520369                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 173009.153221                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 173009.153221                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 110869.233874                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 110869.233874                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99493                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55186                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.330553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      393.330553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.768224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338296                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    654319900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    654319900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    552232159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    552232159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1206552059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1206552059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1206552059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1206552059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.807193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.860052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.860052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 17886.389481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17886.389481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 23068.305234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23068.305234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 19936.089275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19936.089275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 19936.089275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19936.089275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       748969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59958                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.491561                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15266                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15266                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    617737900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617737900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    528295159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    528295159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1146033059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146033059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1146033059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146033059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    746486832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    746486832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    927844496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    927844496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1674331328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1674331328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.807193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 16886.389481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16886.389481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 22068.388780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22068.388780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 18936.122321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18936.122321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 18936.122321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18936.122321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 75570.645070                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75570.645070                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 172205.734224                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172205.734224                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 109677.147124                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 109677.147124                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99921                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55196                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.777413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      392.777413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.767143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    655197570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655197570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    548908934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    548908934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1204106504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1204106504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1204106504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1204106504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.805922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 17804.281793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17804.281793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 23084.739423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23084.739423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 19876.960349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19876.960349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 19876.960349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19876.960349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       750268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.536225                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15331                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15331                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    618398570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618398570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    525131934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525131934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1143530504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143530504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1143530504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143530504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    750294225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    750294225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    944567825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    944567825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1694862050                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1694862050                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.805922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 16804.308967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16804.308967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 22084.781479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22084.781479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 18876.993364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18876.993364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 18876.993364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18876.993364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 75596.395466                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75596.395466                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 174725.827784                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 174725.827784                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 110551.304546                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 110551.304546                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99482                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55607                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.242325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      392.242325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.766098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338143                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           24308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    647043171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    647043171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    559180438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559180438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1206223609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1206223609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1206223609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1206223609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          44817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 17854.884820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17854.884820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 23003.967336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23003.967336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 19922.103638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19922.103638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 19922.103638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19922.103638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       749399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.499983                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks          10051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total               10051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        24308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15244                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15244                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    610804171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    610804171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    534872438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534872438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1145676609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145676609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1145676609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145676609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    745114179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    745114179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    938602875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    938602875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1683717054                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1683717054                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 16854.884820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16854.884820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 22003.967336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22003.967336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 18922.103638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18922.103638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 18922.103638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18922.103638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 75500.474111                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75500.474111                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 174623.790698                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 174623.790698                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 110451.131855                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 110451.131855                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99231                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55266                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22476                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.210816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      393.210816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.767990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           24011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    653690176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    653690176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    554778070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    554778070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1208468246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1208468246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1208468246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1208468246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.952137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 17857.947712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17857.947712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 23105.163050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.163050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 19936.456480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19936.456480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 19936.456480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19936.456480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       748048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59929                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.482237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        24011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    617085176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617085176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    530767070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530767070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1147852246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147852246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1147852246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147852246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    743889866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    743889866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    938428736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    938428736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1682318602                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1682318602                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.952137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 16857.947712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16857.947712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 22105.163050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22105.163050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 18936.456480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18936.456480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 18936.456480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18936.456480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 75690.869556                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75690.869556                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 172632.217807                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172632.217807                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 110214.793108                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 110214.793108                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99956                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55531                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.161929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.602756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      393.161929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.767894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338939                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7               10081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total              10081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7              10081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total             10081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    649044669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    649044669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    555516702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    555516702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1204561371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1204561371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1204561371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1204561371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.803651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.803651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.857082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.857082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 17785.456636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17785.456636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 23182.268581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23182.268581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 19924.595921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19924.595921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 19924.595921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19924.595921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       753584                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               60106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.537584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    612553669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612553669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    531553702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531553702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1144107371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144107371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1144107371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144107371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    750008205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    750008205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    931574803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    931574803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1681583008                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1681583008                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.803651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 16785.511441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16785.511441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 22182.268581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22182.268581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 18924.629003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18924.629003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 18924.629003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18924.629003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 75408.023829                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75408.023829                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 170088.516158                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 170088.516158                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 109030.863516                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 109030.863516                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13679                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  785.030982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     164295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.345556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     728.912576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.109869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.264593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.067016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.280147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.468572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.873708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.969066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.085434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.711829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.766632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2100989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2100989                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           77660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  265                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  255                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  297                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  302                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1735                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1757                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1780                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14282                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10784                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10882                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             10814                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10969                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10782                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             10825                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10836                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            86729                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12726                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2061                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2025                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2056                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1973                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16225                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4604                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             701                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             714                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5712                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     33570299                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     36327486                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     35657979                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     35008978                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     34589470                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     34691475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     32410475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     35465977                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    277722139                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     161829189                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     155335873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     157770030                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     156623200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     158516385                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     158789879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     159063367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     159738542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1267666465                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     49231417                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     51778912                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     49960071                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     52497915                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     48409406                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     49972406                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     48755897                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     49161911                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    399767935                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        211060606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        207114785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        207730101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        209121115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        206925791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        208762285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        207819264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        208900453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1667434400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       211060606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       207114785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       207730101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       209121115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       206925791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       208762285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       207819264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       208900453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1667434400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2338                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2351                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11521                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        92441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                18041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                18017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              143921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               18041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               18017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             143921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.879545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.882378                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.889944                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.876648                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.877383                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.875639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.869163                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.871599                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.877786                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.725581                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.721635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.717176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.726901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.723786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.715202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.725237                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.725224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.722572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.061036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.064001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.061006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.064856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.059988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.062109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.060411                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.060924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061791                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.301234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.296623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.296186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.299604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.294176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.299041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.298574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.299772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.301234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.296623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.296186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.299604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.294176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.299041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.298574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.299772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 17348.991731                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 17609.057683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 17292.909311                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16986.403688                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 17081.219753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16873.285506                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16427.002027                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 17300.476585                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17116.926903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 34307.650837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 33968.045703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 33980.191686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 33915.807709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 34430.144440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 33922.212989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 34104.495497                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 34001.392507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34078.887709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 70230.266762                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 69877.074224                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 70664.881188                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 69997.220000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 69156.294286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 69989.364146                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 70051.576149                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 69931.594595                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69987.383578                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38955.445921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 38975.307678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 38828.056262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38956.988636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 39013.158183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 38695.511585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 38772.250746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38678.106462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38858.876719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38955.445921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 38975.307678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 38828.056262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38956.988636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 39013.158183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 38695.511585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 38772.250746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38678.106462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38858.876719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             15775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     2328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6.776203                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1217                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1217                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1934                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2062                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2025                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2055                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1973                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16222                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4635                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4673                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4689                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          740                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          706                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        79051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15433                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15266                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15244                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15421                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     40213943                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     42852043                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     42722752                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     42718914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     41954263                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     42662066                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     40886253                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     42452590                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336462824                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    114483428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    109319242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    111132111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    110326921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    112301120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    111711839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    112344259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    112421561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894040481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     41942368                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     43799223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     42582401                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     44577742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     40998173                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     42436532                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     41443209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     41880731                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339660379                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    156425796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    153118465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    153714512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    154904663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    153299293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    154148371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    153787468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    154302292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233700860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    156425796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    153118465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    153714512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    154904663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    153299293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    154148371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    153787468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    154302292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233700860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    532537334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    530034961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    522091524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    528677272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    531067932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    528334987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    526505398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    532738235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4231987643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    302507401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    304491446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    306673088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    296941482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    299721877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    297975047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    302462757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    303375300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2414148398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    835044735                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    834526407                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    828764612                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    825618754                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    830789809                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    826310034                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    828968155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    836113535                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6646136041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.879091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.882378                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.889944                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.876223                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.877383                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.875213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.869163                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.871599                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877624                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.725119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.720530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.715941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.726428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.723000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.713980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.724926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.723835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.060427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.062878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.060402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.063992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.058874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.061413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.059630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.060577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.300678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.295507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.295355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.298878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.293178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.298154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.297961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.299051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.300678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.295507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.295355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.298878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.293178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.298154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.297961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.299051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20793.145295                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20771.712555                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20719.084384                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20737.336893                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20718.154568                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20760.129440                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20722.885454                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20708.580488                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20741.143139                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 24285.835384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 23942.015331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 23976.722977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 23906.158397                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 24418.595347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 23905.807618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 24097.867653                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 23975.594157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24063.749388                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 60435.688761                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 60163.767857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 60832.001429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 60240.191892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 59677.107715                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 60108.402266                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 60324.903930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 59915.208870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60212.795426                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28924.888314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28923.019456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 28812.467104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28927.107937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 29001.001324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28657.440231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28750.695083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28638.138827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28828.827873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28924.888314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28923.019456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 28812.467104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28927.107937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 29001.001324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28657.440231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28750.695083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28638.138827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28828.827873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 53478.342438                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 53528.071198                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 53575.323140                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 53520.679490                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 53508.103980                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 53534.804641                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 53571.977818                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 53563.064046                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 53534.903328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 55252.493333                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 55271.636595                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 55356.153069                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 55111.633630                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 55462.967617                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 55437.218047                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 55650.921251                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 55411.013699                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 55369.106167                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 54107.738936                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 54151.346895                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 54220.779326                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 54082.192716                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 54197.260682                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 54205.591315                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 54312.268558                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 54219.151482                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 54186.935729                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        125196                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119242                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               79046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            60999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       377529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 377529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1090828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1090828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            245688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  245688    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              245688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           290283631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              54.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          245575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             45.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       665524                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       283935                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       335837                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12315                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5744                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6571                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              79051                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371557                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43601                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43596                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        84007                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          105887                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29231                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29230                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162413                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162411                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292528                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1068067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1785416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1780080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1798067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1787232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1784031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1801672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1781660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1785403                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14303561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          335445                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           626448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.148675                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.987271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 174709     27.89%     27.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 258191     41.22%     69.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 133874     21.37%     90.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  46929      7.49%     97.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  11007      1.76%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1601      0.26%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    133      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             626448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          498178453                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             93.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         102533331                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            19.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         102040683                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         102532818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            19.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         102294677                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         102527849                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            19.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         102329742                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         102510939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            19.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         102349372                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
