
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.902845                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2902845442000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2902845442000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 666753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   803907                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            17201244826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 558784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   168.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112519801                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     135665611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1190500                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           8985828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10177864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1190500                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1190500                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7575744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data          17524                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7593268                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              27055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             140923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                168002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data              4381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               410115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3095524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3506168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          410115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             410115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2609765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data                6037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2615802                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2609765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              410115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3101561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide             331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6121970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        168002                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       158976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      168002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     158976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10744064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      8064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9803776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10177864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9911604                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    5765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4503                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                9233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               8846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               9937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                8873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2902845065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    9558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  158430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 154595                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    167074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     8553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     8920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    10725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    11224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        60629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      338.910027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.312314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     353.501529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          21458     35.39%     35.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14532     23.97%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5550      9.15%     68.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3471      5.72%     74.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2318      3.82%     78.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1576      2.60%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1018      1.68%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1077      1.78%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9629     15.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          60629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        27.078561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      543.579220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6197     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        24.711082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.355367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       23.633562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            5127     82.71%     82.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             245      3.95%     86.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             162      2.61%     89.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              57      0.92%     90.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55             142      2.29%     92.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              31      0.50%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              44      0.71%     93.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              53      0.85%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              77      1.24%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95              20      0.32%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            101      1.63%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            12      0.19%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            30      0.48%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            13      0.21%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            38      0.61%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            11      0.18%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            15      0.24%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             2      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             3      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             2      0.03%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             3      0.05%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             2      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             2      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             3      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1496514000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4644189000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    839380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8914.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27664.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        27.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     138272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    122158                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8877799.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      81.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2755332461750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       96932160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       50580729750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 234216360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 224138880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 127796625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 122298000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                697936200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                611488800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               497502000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               495130320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          189599304960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          189599304960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           86744243025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           85632450615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1665611854500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1666587111000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1943512853670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1943271922575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.521448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.438449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     24536392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       8144                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    19617454                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1410                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                           64                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     4273                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                   1630                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       445                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 24544536                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                19618864                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          44153846                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9554                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      44163400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    115618887                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4762                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                           64                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2913                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                115623649                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                         115618887                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4762                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                     115623649                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5805690884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   112519801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     135665611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             119963928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11290                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     9899743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15237612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    119963928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11290                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           218192496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           82697523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 8578                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2716                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            490031044                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            51919223                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      45435185                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    24859277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20575908                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               5386811452.570145                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               418879431.429856                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.072150                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.927850                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          25931479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2337      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  93227451     67.17%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114534      0.08%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               8511      0.01%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 24859277     17.91%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                20575908     14.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  138788018                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     3037                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            823273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.850546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            43258722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            823785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             52.512151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         876905250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.850546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         177222055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        177222055                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     23125535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        23125535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     18834160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       18834160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data       392158                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        392158                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       443620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       443620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       460509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       460509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      41959695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         41959695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     42351853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        42351853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       402606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        402606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       299098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       299098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       119172                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       119172                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        22698                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22698                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       701704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         701704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       820876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        820876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5915644250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5915644250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11659723253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11659723253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    280150250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    280150250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       150000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       150000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  17575367503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17575367503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  17575367503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17575367503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     23528141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23528141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     19133258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19133258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       511330                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       511330                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       466318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       466318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       460511                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       460511                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     42661399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42661399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     43172729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43172729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.233063                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.233063                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.048675                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048675                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14693.383233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14693.383233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38982.952922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38982.952922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12342.508150                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12342.508150                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        75000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25046.697045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25046.697045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21410.502321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21410.502321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.757576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       686473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            686473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        14226                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       401970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       299098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       299098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       117021                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       117021                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       701068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       701068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       818089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       818089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5096620250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5096620250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11004051747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11004051747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1414370750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414370750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     99646250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99646250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       146000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16100671997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16100671997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17515042747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17515042747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5791399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5791399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   4429678500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4429678500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  10221078000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10221078000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015632                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015632                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228856                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228856                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12679.106028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12679.106028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36790.790132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36790.790132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12086.469523                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12086.469523                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11761.833097                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11761.833097                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        73000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22965.920563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22965.920563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21409.703280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21409.703280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1700967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.782035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           113917402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1701479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             66.951988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       25181626250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.782035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         117320372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        117320372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    113917402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       113917402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     113917402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        113917402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    113917402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       113917402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1701485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1701485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1701485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23258305750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23258305750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23258305750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  23258305750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23258305750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  23258305750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    115618887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    115618887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    115618887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    115618887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    115618887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    115618887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.415687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.415687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.415687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.415687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.415687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.415687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1701485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1701485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1701485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1701485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19848767250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19848767250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19848767250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19848767250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19848767250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19848767250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.555236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.555236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.555236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.555236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.555236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.555236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            88871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64932.261061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2762491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           154137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            17.922309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50671.767381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.809345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.012229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  9582.569964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4674.102142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.773190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.146218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.071321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995804                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         26255979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        26255979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1683420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       515272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2209319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       686473                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       686473                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       166120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       166120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1683420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       681392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2375439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1683420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       681392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2375439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        12191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        30240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       142431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        160480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       142431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       160480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1313036750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    930003750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2243743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       444481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       444481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       144000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8983070962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8983070962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1313036750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9913074712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11226813962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1313036750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9913074712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11226813962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1701460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       527463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2239559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       686473                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       686473                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       296360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       296360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1701460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       823823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2535919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1701460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       823823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2535919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991600                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991600                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.439466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.439466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        79000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72784.742239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76286.092199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74197.850529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   163.713076                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   163.713076                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        72000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68973.210703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68973.210703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72784.742239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69599.137210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69957.714120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72784.742239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69599.137210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69957.714120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        82181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            82181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       142431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       142431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1087188750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    777906250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     27308715                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27308715                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       120000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       120000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7353282038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7353282038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1087188750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8131188288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9218969038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1087188750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8131188288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9218969038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    474215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5385925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5860140500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   4098165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4098165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    474215000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   9484091000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9958306000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991600                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991600                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.439466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 66714.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60265.451774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63809.880240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61695.998677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10058.458564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10058.458564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        60000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56459.475107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56459.475107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 66714.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60265.451774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57088.613350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57446.217834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 66714.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60265.451774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57088.613350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57446.217834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2296418                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2296403                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       686473                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2738                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2740                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       296360                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       296360                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3420989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2457362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        12875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        24821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5916047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    108929528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     96856201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        14640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        27904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          205828273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       53126                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3278039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        5.011122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.104872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5            3241581     98.89%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6              36458      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3278039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2354969500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       328500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2566643750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1312602003                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy       9215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy      17845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22814                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           347056142                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36804505                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36424                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.134557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         298397320000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     1.134557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.070910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.070910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328122                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   9588161260                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   9588161260                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 264690.847504                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264690.847504                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         55275                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.734014                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   7704503270                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7704503270                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 212690.571720                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212690.571720                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            118371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            128452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           128452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       436202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       543884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       108887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       108887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 652771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15454012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     15617473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4635456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4635456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20252929                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              498                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            318026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  318026    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              318026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            86773500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1589715500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1594842247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38335495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
