
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.843665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2843665155500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2843665155500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   191554                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3597700350                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 605956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   790.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   125052080                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     151406456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total          1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst          158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          1364476                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     10766720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           533600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1164672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13841116                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       419072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        26240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          445312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7174080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.inst         17704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.inst            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9510160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             21845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              8361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                216816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          112095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.inst             4426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.inst               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               152755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          3398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              479830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3786212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              187645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       409567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4867351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         147370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           9228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             156598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2522829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          815263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.inst               6226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.inst                 14                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3344332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2522829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          815601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         3398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             486056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3786212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             187659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       409567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                8211683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        216816                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       152755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      216816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     152755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 13860032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     16192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9524672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  13841116                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9510160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3914                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          13536                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               13436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               13084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               14401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               13747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               15799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               13572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               13744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               13565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               13602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              13295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              13378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              13725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              13037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                8910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               8871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2843662895000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      28                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  216229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4436                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 148319                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     79263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     62843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     17911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     12269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                     10663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      9296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      8295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      7452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      6012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     8100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    10867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    10519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    10413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    10861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     9033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     8788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     8722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     8168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        92579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      252.591884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     143.134462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     307.650054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          46986     50.75%     50.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18789     20.30%     71.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6843      7.39%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3586      3.87%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3022      3.26%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2120      2.29%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1307      1.41%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1131      1.22%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8795      9.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          92579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        29.029759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      529.579779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7459     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.949464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.624141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       10.915893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6155     82.51%     82.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             493      6.61%     89.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              89      1.19%     90.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             200      2.68%     92.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             188      2.52%     95.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              17      0.23%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              27      0.36%     96.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              16      0.21%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              36      0.48%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              10      0.13%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               5      0.07%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.05%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             168      2.25%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               5      0.07%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               3      0.04%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               4      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              10      0.13%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.01%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               2      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             2      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             3      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             5      0.07%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             4      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             3      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             4      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     7660076750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11720633000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1082815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       35371.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  54121.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.69                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     183124                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     89683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      7694496.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2709761139750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       94956160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       38946040250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 358880760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 341016480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 195817875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 186070500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                862524000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                826667400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               486609120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               477763920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          185734248960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          185734248960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           81966350835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           81438405435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1634297688000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1634760798000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1903902119550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1903764970695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.524448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.476219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              238011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             238011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              30931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             30931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            112095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            79719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          39980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           13536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             30379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            13328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       107970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       704855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       826435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 899141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       162850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     21031980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     21223190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23542486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           123442                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            498376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  498376    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              498376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            87914995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               22828                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11673499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1620072999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2120142312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38549614                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   151709                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64474.290498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     529875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   216478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     2.447708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   12364.739343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    81.831819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.030523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3875.049948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 42732.474457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    10.614781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      756.297533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  4653.252093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.188671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.059129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.652046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.011540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.071003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.983800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        46265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        18457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         6570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        39426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.705948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.281631                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  6643854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 6643854                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              36725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       207902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst              11423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        45111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 301987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          252491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               252491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst           11970                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst             853                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12823                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst           185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst           180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.inst             3516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.inst             1122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                 4638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               40241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       207902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker            47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               12545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        45111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  306625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              40241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       207902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           47                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              12545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        45111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 306625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            11298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               199730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst          9030                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst          2665                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             11695                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst          470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.inst           7024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.inst           6416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              13440                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             18322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              8252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                213170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            18322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             8252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               213170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     11975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    956701998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18100124423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2020627464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    21240863385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10890561                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2732384                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13622945                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1227450                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       930960                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2158410                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    595061904                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    477250480                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1072312384                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     11975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1551763902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18100124423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    627266480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2020627464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     22313175769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     11975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1551763902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18100124423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    627266480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2020627464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    22313175769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          48023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       376132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          13259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        63310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             501717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       252491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           252491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        21000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         3518                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           24518                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          655                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1439                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          2094                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        10540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         7538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            18078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           58563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       376132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           20797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        63310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              519795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          58563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       376132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          20797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        63310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             519795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.235262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.138472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.398093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.430000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.757533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.476996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.717557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.874913                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.825692                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.851154                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.743445                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.312860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.396788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.410104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.312860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.396788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.410104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79304.635762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84678.881041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 107591.537912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89566.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81708.061002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111029.587560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106347.886572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  1206.042193                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  1025.284803                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1164.852074                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  2611.595745                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   739.444003                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1248.357432                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84718.380410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74384.426434                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79785.147619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79304.635762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84694.023687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 107591.537912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76013.873000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111029.587560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104673.151799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79304.635762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84694.023687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 107591.537912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76013.873000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111029.587560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104673.151799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs               758                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                       21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     36.095238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              112095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   112095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          199729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9030                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2665                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        11695                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         13440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           213169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       168230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        18198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          213169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    816212498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16028508423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    127225500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   1798396214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18781676635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91207456                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     26838142                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118045598                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4758966                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12646753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17405719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    507430588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    396239520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903670108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1323643086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16028508423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    523465020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   1798396214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19685346743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1323643086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16028508423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    523465020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   1798396214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19685346743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   5518668247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    263087751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5781755998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4095979500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    150492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4246472000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   9614647747                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    413580251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10028227998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.235262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.138472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.430000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.757533                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476996                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.717557                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.874913                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825692                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.851154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.743445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.312860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.396788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.410102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.215714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.312860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.447263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.114504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.396788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.287443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66973.509934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72243.981059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 95277.349004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69294.934641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 98823.838554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94035.801686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 10100.493466                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 10070.597373                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10093.680889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 10125.459574                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 10045.077840                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10066.928282                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72242.395786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61758.029925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67237.359226                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66973.509934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72243.373322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 95277.349004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77233.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63434.927290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 98823.838554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92346.198289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66973.509934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72243.373322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 95277.349004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77233.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63434.927290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 98823.838554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92346.198289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             668242                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            668227                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30931                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30931                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           252491                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36231                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           92430                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         40345                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         132775                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            38935                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           38935                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1370727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       368021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1738748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     41983735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      7870623                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               49854358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          291977                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1090667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.033442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.179788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                1054193     96.66%     96.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  36474      3.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            1090667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1589069612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          1026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2362873368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         802585372                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                31012                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               31012                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59405                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59440                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        56656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       107970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  180904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        71600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       162850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2484026                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             40136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                90000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326655076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            84754000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36825386                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               34893743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         17129146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1674704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            20005904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               14465623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            72.306770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               10813555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            822515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    23970791                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     62431                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   17948475                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6765                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3473                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1381                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1976                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      553                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                24033222                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               17955240                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         41919266                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          69196                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     41988462                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    70366530                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3846                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2220                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     7369                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                70370376                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         70366530                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3846                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     70370376                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       229133691                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  109191897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    132018821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.discardedOps                      8795011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu0.numFetchSuspends                     1826                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  5458210303                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.098450                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.476542                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1828                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.tickCycles                      193242697                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       35890994                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1983122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.796419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           68375163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1983634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.469647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       6227191000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.796419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        142701293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       142701293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     68375163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       68375163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     68375163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        68375163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     68375163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       68375163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1983656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1983656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1983656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16542962894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16542962894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16542962894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  16542962894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16542962894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  16542962894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     70358819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     70358819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     70358819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     70358819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     70358819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     70358819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8339.632927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8339.632927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8339.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8339.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8339.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8339.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1983656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1983656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1983656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1983656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13565509604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13565509604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13565509604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13565509604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13565509604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13565509604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    276787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    276787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    276787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    276787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6838.640169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6838.640169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6838.640169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6838.640169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6838.640169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6838.640169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       2764616                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      2669805                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        28812                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        28812                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       518092                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       696796                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36231                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        70569                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        42644                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        93797                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       291655                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       282058                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      3973433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      2393866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        11794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       167556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          6546649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    127149824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     86895095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        17624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       313964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         214376507                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                    1084116                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4385551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.219745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.414074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           3421847     78.03%     78.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            963704     21.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       4385551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    2275908733                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    119359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   2981732395                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   1235696460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      7392491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     89085972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     17333419                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr       425629                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     16380209                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher         9025                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         6465                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       512088                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      1329549                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements          409658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16201.472263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs           3013143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          425913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            7.074550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    2824446064500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4208.967244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    47.817277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.069510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  2196.768436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  9747.849796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.256895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.134080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.594962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         8953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         2849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         5159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.546448                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000366                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.445312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        55304097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       55304097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        77521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2390628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       2472389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       518092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       518092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst         4676                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         4676                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst         2297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         2297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.inst       223112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       223112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        77521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2613740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total        2695501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        77521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2613740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total       2695501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        94231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        95367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst        27951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        27951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst        17951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        17951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.inst        46376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        46376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       140607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total       141743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       140607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total       141743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31913749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3705999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2892277884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2927897632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    496957551                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    496957551                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    355013747                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    355013747                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       117000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total       117000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1927567955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1927567955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31913749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3705999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4819845839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4855465587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31913749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3705999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4819845839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4855465587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2484859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2567756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       518092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       518092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        32627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        32627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        20248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       269488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       269488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2754347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2837244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2754347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2837244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.037922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.856683                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.856683                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.886557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.886557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.172089                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.172089                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.051049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.051049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 32900.772165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 22325.295181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30693.486050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30701.370831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17779.598261                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17779.598261                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19776.822851                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19776.822851                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total        58500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41563.911398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41563.911398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 32900.772165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 22325.295181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 34278.846992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34255.417107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 32900.772165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 22325.295181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 34278.846992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34255.417107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs             374                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.045455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       214192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total          214192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         3080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         3080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        10787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        10787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        86524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       512085                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       512085                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        27951                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        27951                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43296                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        43296                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       129820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       130956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       129820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       512085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       643041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     25109749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      2543999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2121731252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2149385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  21314968847                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21314968847                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    476593305                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476593305                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    237494522                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237494522                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1192659250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192659250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     25109749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      2543999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3314390502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3342044250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     25109749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      2543999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3314390502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  21314968847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24657013097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   6176307748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6176307748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4587485503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4587485503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst  10763793251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10763793251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.856683                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856683                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.886557                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886557                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.160660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 25886.339175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 15325.295181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24521.881235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24519.564225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 41623.888313                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41623.888313                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17051.028765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17051.028765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13230.155535                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13230.155535                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        44500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        44500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27546.638258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27546.638258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 25886.339175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 15325.295181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25530.661701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25520.359892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 25886.339175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 15325.295181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25530.661701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 41623.888313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38344.387212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           714989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.379861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           40475201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           715501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.569035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        306537500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   494.379861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.965586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         83786238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        83786238                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     22803865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       22803865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.inst     16862785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      16862785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.inst       381543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       381543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.inst       362585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       362585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     39666650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        39666650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     39666650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       39666650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       537471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       537471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.inst       532850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       532850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.inst        20250                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20250                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1070321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1070321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1070321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1070321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6609205728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6609205728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8024129751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8024129751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106247249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    106247249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    438093543                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    438093543                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       129000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       129000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14633335479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14633335479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14633335479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14633335479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     23341336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23341336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     17395635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17395635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       387965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       387965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       382835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       382835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     40736971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     40736971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     40736971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     40736971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.023027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.052895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12296.860162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12296.860162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15058.890403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15058.890403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16544.261756                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16544.261756                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21634.249037                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21634.249037                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13671.912892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13671.912892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13671.912892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13671.912892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       518095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           518095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        42683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       230741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       230741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       273424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       273424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       273424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       273424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       494788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       494788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       302109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       302109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6421                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6421                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        20250                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       796897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       796897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       796897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       796897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5118044180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5118044180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4273159157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4273159157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     93352250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93352250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    397142457                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397142457                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       121000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9391203337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9391203337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9391203337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9391203337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   6191390497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6191390497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4803718496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4803718496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst  10995108993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10995108993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.021198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.052895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 10343.913312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10343.913312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14144.428524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14144.428524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14538.584333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14538.584333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19611.973185                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19611.973185                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11784.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11784.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11784.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11784.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                4041852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          2340524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           248983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             2647417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                1629039                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            61.533147                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 795039                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             55831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4061119                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     20366                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3327004                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1507                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2038                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      134                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   313                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      275                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4081485                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3328511                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          7388123                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          21873                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      7409996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     7667797                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2228                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1156                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1890                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 7670025                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          7667797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2228                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      7670025                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        40526065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15860183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     19387635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.discardedOps                      1556469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu1.numFetchSuspends                     2802                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  5646205885                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.cpi                              2.555208                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.391358                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2803                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.tickCycles                       29467033                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       11059032                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           893075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.459055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            6772156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           893587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.578620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71221486500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.459055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.975506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         16225073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        16225073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      6772156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6772156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      6772156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         6772156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      6772156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        6772156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       893587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        893587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       893587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7266352748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7266352748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7266352748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7266352748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7266352748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7266352748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7665743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7665743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7665743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7665743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7665743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7665743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8131.667927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8131.667927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8131.667927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8131.667927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8131.667927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8131.667927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       893587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       893587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       893587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       893587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5923590752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923590752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5923590752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923590752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5923590752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923590752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     10589750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10589750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     10589750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10589750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6629.002830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6629.002830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6629.002830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6629.002830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6629.002830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6629.002830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       1582924                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1137885                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         2119                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         2119                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       115746                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       150971                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36231                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        84405                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        41125                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        85149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        76810                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        64398                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1787404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       768912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side         6948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        51790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          2615054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     57196928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     24920351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        10668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        94516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          82222463                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                     838516                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2085340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.363825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.481099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           1326642     63.62%     63.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            758698     36.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       2085340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     782793185                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy     78444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   1341767498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    381370915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      4282497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     28163996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified      7065047                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr        40428                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache      6914930                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher         1457                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         2607                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       105625                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page       724673                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements           79629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       15528.716598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs           1138081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           94994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           11.980557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  6912.222509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    24.793124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.117245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  2315.760796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  6275.822923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.421889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.141343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.383046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        10144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         6818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         3193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.619141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.316895                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        21374644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       21374644                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        23037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       993214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       1018666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       115746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       115746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst         1782                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1782                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.inst        27747                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        27747                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        23037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1020961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total        1046413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        23037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1020961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total       1046413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        72082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        72926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst        28135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        28135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst        22404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.inst        32295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        32295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       104377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total       105221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       104377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total       105221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     13156500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5072997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1619935379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1638164876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    531136882                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    531136882                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    440134565                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    440134565                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       329000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1130691878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1130691878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     13156500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5072997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2750627257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2768856754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     13156500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5072997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2750627257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2768856754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        23629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1065296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1091592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       115746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       115746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        29917                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        29917                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        23176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        60042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        60042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        23629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1125338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1151634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        23629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1125338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1151634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.940435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.940435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.966690                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.966690                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.537873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.537873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.092752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.092752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22223.817568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20130.940476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22473.507658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22463.385843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18878.154683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18878.154683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19645.356410                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19645.356410                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35011.360211                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35011.360211                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22223.817568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20130.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26352.810073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26314.678192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22223.817568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20130.940476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26352.810073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26314.678192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4757                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs             158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.107595                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        38299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total           38299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        70535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       105624                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       105624                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        28135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        22404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        31974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        31974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       102509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       103353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       102509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       105624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       208977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      9010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3308997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1095971987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108291484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2952900698                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952900698                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    404207806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404207806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    308121722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308121722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       273000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    864621339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864621339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      9010500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3308997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1960593326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972912823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      9010500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3308997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1960593326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2952900698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4925813521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    316590752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    316590752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    186920002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    186920002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    503510754                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    503510754                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.066212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.940435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.966690                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966690                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.532527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.091092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.025054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.094488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.091092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15220.439189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13130.940476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15537.988048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15526.856414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 27956.720991                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27956.720991                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14366.724933                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14366.724933                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13752.978129                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13752.978129                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27041.387971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27041.387971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15220.439189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13130.940476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19126.060404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19089.071657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15220.439189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13130.940476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19126.060404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 27956.720991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23571.079693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           188481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.009191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6997616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           188846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.054616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     107393225500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   475.009191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.927752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         14853075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        14853075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      3751603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3751603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.inst      3051213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3051213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.inst        88863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        88863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.inst        69198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        69198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      6802816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         6802816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      6802816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        6802816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       182008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.inst       139434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       139434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         5163                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5163                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.inst        23176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       321442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        321442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       321442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       321442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2744686684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2744686684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3345931004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3345931004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     93833250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     93833250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    540125753                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    540125753                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       353500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       353500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6090617688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6090617688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6090617688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6090617688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      3933611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3933611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      3190647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3190647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        94026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        94026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        92374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7124258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7124258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7124258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7124258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.043701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054910                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.054910                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.250893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.250893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15080.033207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15080.033207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23996.521681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23996.521681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18174.171993                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18174.171993                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23305.391483                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23305.391483                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18947.796766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18947.796766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18947.796766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18947.796766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       115746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           115746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        15462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        49475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        64937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        64937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        64937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        64937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       166546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       166546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        89959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5163                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5163                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        23176                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        23176                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       256505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       256505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       256505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2202025254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202025254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2000006836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2000006836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83498750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83498750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    492542247                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    492542247                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       337500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       337500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4202032090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4202032090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4202032090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4202032090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    329591498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    329591498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    202938498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    202938498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    532529996                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    532529996                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.042339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054910                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054910                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.250893                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250893                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13221.724052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13221.724052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22232.426283                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22232.426283                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 16172.525663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16172.525663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21252.254358                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21252.254358                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 16381.872049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16381.872049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 16381.872049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16381.872049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36417                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.992209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         268855800000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.992209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.062013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.062013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328483                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide           35                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total           35                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              243                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     31692627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31692627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     31692627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     31692627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     31692627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     31692627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36259                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36259                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 130422.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130422.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 130422.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130422.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 130422.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130422.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     19056127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19056127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2259252335                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2259252335                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     19056127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19056127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     19056127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19056127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 78420.275720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78420.275720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 78420.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78420.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 78420.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78420.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
