
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.867049                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2867048515500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2867048515500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 753572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   911512                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            16376301643                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 607016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   175.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   131930165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     159581077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           233060                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           810048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      9243456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            53844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           455584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1704320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             12502168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       233060                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        53844                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          286904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8696768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8714512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             13183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              7142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                204504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          135887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               140323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               81289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              282537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3224032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            89                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               18780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              158903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       594451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4360641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          81289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          18780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             100069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3033352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                 14                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3039541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3033352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              81289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             288712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3224032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           89                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              18780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             158917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       594451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide             335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7400182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        204505                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       176547                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      204505                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     176547                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 13079232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  10932800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  12502232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               11032848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    5691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          15171                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               12666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               12263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               12897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               21010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               12626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               12991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               13024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               12109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              11725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              11672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              11389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               10702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               10814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               11122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               10684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               10817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               11014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               11094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               11085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               10650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               11040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              10845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              10150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              10760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              10359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2867048141000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    9742                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      28                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  194735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4436                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 172111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    120800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     21636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     13302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     11154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      9500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      8185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      6994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      6210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      5370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     8149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     9072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    11783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    11696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    12526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    11537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    10823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    10903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     8826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     8488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     8264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        83215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      288.553362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     159.296581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     336.078048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          39267     47.19%     47.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16171     19.43%     66.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6480      7.79%     74.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3347      4.02%     78.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3132      3.76%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1913      2.30%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1073      1.29%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1034      1.24%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10798     12.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          83215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        29.019171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      531.269210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7040     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        24.258023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.337274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.786425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5509     78.23%     78.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             384      5.45%     83.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              77      1.09%     84.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             222      3.15%     87.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             122      1.73%     89.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              57      0.81%     90.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              43      0.61%     91.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              37      0.53%     91.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             124      1.76%     93.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              15      0.21%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              18      0.26%     93.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              16      0.23%     94.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              34      0.48%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              16      0.23%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               7      0.10%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              27      0.38%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              62      0.88%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              11      0.16%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               6      0.09%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              10      0.14%     96.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              88      1.25%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             4      0.06%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            12      0.17%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             6      0.09%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            19      0.27%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.03%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            11      0.16%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             4      0.06%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            36      0.51%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            11      0.16%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             4      0.06%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             7      0.10%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             5      0.07%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             2      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.01%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             7      0.10%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             2      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             4      0.06%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             4      0.06%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             1      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             2      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             1      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             2      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::204-207             1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             2      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-235             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-251             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::252-255             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     5974898500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9806704750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1021815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       29236.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  47986.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         2.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     174382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    117590                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  68.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      7524033.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      77.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2731090191250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       95736940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       40221363750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 330432480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 298672920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 180295500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 162966375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                857422800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                736600800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               565911360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               541034640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          187261454640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          187261454640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           82724898285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           81530993385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1647661560750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1648708845750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1919581975815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1919240568510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.533155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.414075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           24                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    22739909                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      4142                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   16676295                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      677                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    2392                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1346                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      187                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                22744051                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               16676972                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         39416204                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4819                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     39421023                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   107931670                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2300                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1397                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               107933970                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        107931670                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2300                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    107933970                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5733190951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  104697045                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    126437300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            112138973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4560                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   12218983                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14112779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   112138973                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4560                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          207168140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          78157614                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                916                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           458862041                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           46623468                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     40473955                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   22968630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  17505325                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5494072814.437573                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              239118136.562427                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.041708                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.958292                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         26957408                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2171      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 89486890     68.80%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   99356      0.08%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              6997      0.01%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                22968630     17.66%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               17505325     13.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 130069369                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1990                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           555287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.900335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           38705991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           555652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.658691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1015660000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   484.900335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.947071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         79342035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        79342035                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     21654746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21654746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     16040843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      16040843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       304713                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       304713                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       334336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       334336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       329300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       329300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     37695589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        37695589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     38000302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       38000302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       304912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       263418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       263418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        92252                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        92252                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        20070                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20070                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        20705                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20705                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       568330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        568330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       660582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       660582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3916535020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3916535020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4029841681                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4029841681                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322461501                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    322461501                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    462579693                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    462579693                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1480500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1480500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7946376701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7946376701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7946376701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7946376701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21959658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21959658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     16304261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16304261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       396965                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       396965                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       354406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       354406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       350005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       350005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     38263919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     38263919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     38660884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     38660884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232393                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232393                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056630                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056630                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12844.804468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12844.804468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15298.277570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15298.277570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16066.841106                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16066.841106                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22341.448587                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22341.448587                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13981.976494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13981.976494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12029.356993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12029.356993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       420867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           420867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14132                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       297701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       263418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        83423                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        83423                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5938                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5938                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20705                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20705                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       561119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       561119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       644542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       644542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3232031980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3232031980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3494328319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3494328319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1040331239                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040331239                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     86260500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86260500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    420440307                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420440307                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1400500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1400500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6726360299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6726360299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7766691538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7766691538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5556589244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5556589244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4171949493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4171949493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9728538737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9728538737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.210152                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210152                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059156                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059156                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10856.637969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10856.637969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13265.336154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13265.336154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12470.556549                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12470.556549                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14526.860896                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14526.860896                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20306.221058                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20306.221058                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11987.404274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11987.404274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12049.938620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.938620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           945322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.483250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          106985827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           945834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.112689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      12806917500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.483250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        216809183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       216809183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    106985827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      106985827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    106985827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       106985827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    106985827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      106985827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       945843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        945843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       945843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8025066767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8025066767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8025066767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8025066767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8025066767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8025066767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    107931670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107931670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    107931670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    107931670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    107931670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    107931670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8484.565374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8484.565374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8484.565374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8484.565374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8484.565374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8484.565374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       945843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       945843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       945843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6605629733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605629733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6605629733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605629733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6605629733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605629733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    719096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    719096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    719096500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    719096500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6983.854332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6983.854332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6983.854332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6983.854332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6983.854332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6983.854332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified      8798864                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr       212139                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache      8184021                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher          360                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit           34                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       402310                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page       695408                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements          309925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16107.929627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs           1687462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          325154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            5.189732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  6744.420736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     3.207457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.111326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   773.977995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1150.108298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  7436.103816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.411647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.047240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.070197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.453864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         9588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         1190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         8332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.585205                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000854                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.343445                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        33371196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       33371196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       933239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       309750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       420867                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       420867                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data         9645                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         9645                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data         1640                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         1640                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data       182991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       182991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       933239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       492741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total        1433347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       933239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       492741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total       1433347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        77312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        90518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data        29431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        29431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data        19057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        19057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        41351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        41351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        12604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       118663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total       131869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        12604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       118663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total       131869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    531081224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2111775663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2655682387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    520147939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    520147939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    371818814                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    371818814                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1360495                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      1360495                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1399039190                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1399039190                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7623500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    531081224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3510814853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4054721577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7623500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    531081224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3510814853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4054721577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       387062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1340874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       420867                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       420867                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        39076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20697                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20697                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       224342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       611404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1565216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       945843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       611404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1565216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.199741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753173                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.753173                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920761                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.920761                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.184321                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.184321                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.194083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.194083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 21781.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 20642.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42135.927007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27314.979085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29338.721437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17673.471476                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17673.471476                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19510.878627                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19510.878627                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170061.875000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170061.875000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33833.261348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33833.261348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 21781.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 20642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42135.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29586.432612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30748.102867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 21781.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 20642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42135.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29586.432612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30748.102867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs             102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.127451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       191905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total          191905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         1034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       402307                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       402307                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        40317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        40317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       126282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       402307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    413002773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1551195475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972808248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16697606620                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16697606620                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    471565864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471565864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    257027175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    257027175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1080495                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1080495                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1011507025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011507025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    413002773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2562702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984315273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    413002773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2562702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16697606620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19681921893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    647208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5320901002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5968109502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3975516507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3975516507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    647208500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9296417509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9943626009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.192799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753173                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753173                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920761                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920761                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.179712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.065963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.094630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14777.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 13642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38461.796703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20786.539028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22948.970488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 41504.638547                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41504.638547                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16022.760491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16022.760491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13487.284200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13487.284200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 135061.875000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135061.875000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25088.846516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25088.846516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14777.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 13642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38461.796703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22295.614310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23632.150845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14777.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 13642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38461.796703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22295.614310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 41504.638547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37234.830640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       1585084                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1436635                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        26190                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        26190                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       420867                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       537670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        82377                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43315                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       100677                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           43                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       246727                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       235853                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1909730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1979159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side         7030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        14021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          3909940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     60570040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     70330266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        10652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        21224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         130932182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                     972661                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2913864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.296127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.456548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           2050990     70.39%     70.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            862874     29.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       2913864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    1492069922                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    116074499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   1430234267                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    995136418                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      4367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy      8715750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     6438534                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      5066                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5578600                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      983                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    3048                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   541                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      258                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 6443600                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5579583                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12017134                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           6049                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12023183                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    28023624                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2794                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1901                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                28026418                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         28023624                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2794                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     28026418                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5734097031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   27233120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     33143777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             29468029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6988                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1518648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3438745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    29468029                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6988                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53045981                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          20334319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5190                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1800                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           119969216                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           12226644                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     12358568                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6575418                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5783150                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5655719559.150027                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              78377471.849973                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013669                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986331                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5151142                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  168      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21257809     63.16%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   38403      0.11%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4420      0.01%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6575418     19.54%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                5783150     17.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  33659368                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2818                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           321673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.284483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           11622088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           322185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.072716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     104113347000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   481.284483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.940009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24380907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24380907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      5961630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5961630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      5307193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5307193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        82380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        82380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       110885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       110885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       104150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       104150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11268823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11268823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11351203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11351203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       210202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       210202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       138084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        48251                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        48251                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        19527                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19527                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        23870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       348286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        348286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       396537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       396537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2787267513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2787267513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2672172287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2672172287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339794001                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    339794001                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    550321118                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    550321118                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1627000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1627000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5459439800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5459439800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5459439800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5459439800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6171832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6171832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5445277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5445277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       130631                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       130631                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       130412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       130412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       128020                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       128020                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11617109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11617109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11747740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11747740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.369369                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.369369                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.149733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.186455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13259.947636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13259.947636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19351.787948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19351.787948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17401.239361                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17401.239361                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23054.927440                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23054.927440                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15675.162941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15675.162941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13767.794178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13767.794178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       197265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           197265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        13505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        13505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       209743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       209743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46648                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        46648                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23870                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        23870                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       347827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       394475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       394475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2356483739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2356483739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2388185713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2388185713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    637646247                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    637646247                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     87580250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87580250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    501268882                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501268882                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1557000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1557000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4744669452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4744669452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5382315699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5382315699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    968585999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    968585999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    845308497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    845308497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1813894496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1813894496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.357097                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357097                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046177                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046177                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186455                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186455                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11235.100761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11235.100761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17295.166080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17295.166080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13669.315876                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13669.315876                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14543.382597                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14543.382597                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20999.953163                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20999.953163                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13640.888867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.888867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13644.250457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13644.250457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           680772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          498.691095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           27342334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           681284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.133533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     115083689500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   498.691095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.974006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         56728523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        56728523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     27342334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       27342334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     27342334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        27342334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     27342334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       27342334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       681285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        681285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       681285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5656981010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5656981010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5656981010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5656981010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5656981010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5656981010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     28023619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28023619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     28023619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     28023619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     28023619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     28023619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8303.398739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8303.398739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8303.398739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8303.398739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8303.398739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8303.398739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       681285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       681285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       681285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4634848490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4634848490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4634848490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4634848490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4634848490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4634848490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     13880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     13880000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13880000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6803.097808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6803.097808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6803.097808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6803.097808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6803.097808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6803.097808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified      5735095                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr        38649                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache      5537320                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher          267                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit           19                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       158840                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page       604377                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements          130093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       15612.463834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs           1076740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          146334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            7.358099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4806.943324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     3.120223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     1.343631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   874.835505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1500.703163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  8425.517990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.293393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.053396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.091596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.514253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         7913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         2030                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         4783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.482971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000244                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.508057                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        21325891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       21325891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       672894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       186024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        866845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       197265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       197265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data         2024                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         2024                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data         1217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         1217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data        69989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        69989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       672894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       256013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total         936834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       672894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       256013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total        936834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         8391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        76389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        85257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data        29955                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        29955                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data        22648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        36116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        36116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         8391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       112505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total       121373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         8391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       112505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total       121373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5754999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      4668500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    255474477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1702549656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1968447632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    542491459                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    542491459                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    444517157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    444517157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1522000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      1522000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1159011538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1159011538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5754999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      4668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    255474477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2861561194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3127459170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5754999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      4668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    255474477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2861561194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3127459170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       262413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       952102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       197265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       197265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        31979                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        31979                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        23865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       106105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       106105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       368518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1058207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       681285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       368518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1058207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.291102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.936708                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.936708                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.949005                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949005                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.340380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.340380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.305290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.305290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22049.804598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 21613.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30446.249196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22287.890351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23088.398982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18110.213954                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18110.213954                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19627.214633                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19627.214633                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data       304400                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total       304400                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32091.359453                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32091.359453                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22049.804598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 21613.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30446.249196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25434.969059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25767.338453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22049.804598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 21613.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30446.249196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25434.969059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25767.338453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1081                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs              34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.794118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        47807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total           47807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       158839                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       158839                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29955                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29955                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        35729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       119655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       158839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       278494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      3927001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3156500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186017515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1165742936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358843952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   4336083136                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4336083136                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    450926825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450926825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    312179089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312179089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1277000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    867144190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867144190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      3927001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3156500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186017515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032887126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2225988142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      3927001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3156500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186017515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032887126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   4336083136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6562071278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     12475500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    923111999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    935587499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    807820502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    807820502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst     12475500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1730932501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1743408001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.290550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.936708                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936708                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.949005                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.949005                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.336732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.303847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.047498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.074252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.303847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15045.980843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 14613.425926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25817.836919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15289.635066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16190.977194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 27298.605103                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27298.605103                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15053.474378                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15053.474378                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13783.958363                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13783.958363                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       255400                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       255400                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24270.038064                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24270.038064                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15045.980843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 14613.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25817.836919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18155.154600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18603.385918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15045.980843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 14613.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25817.836919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18155.154600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 27298.605103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23562.702529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       1351518                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1008638                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         4998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         4998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       197265                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       224398                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        84264                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        42890                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        91097                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           45                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       123576                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       111434                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1362924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1150758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side         8243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        16496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          2538421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     43602948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     39320783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        11636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        21980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          82957347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                     826396                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2054321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.357816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.479358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           1319253     64.22%     64.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            735068     35.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       2054321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     864974439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy     89802999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   1022245510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    593726174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      5334000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     11001001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                31015                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               31015                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59437                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23213                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        56642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       107950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  180904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        71586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       162833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2484089                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             40126000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                90000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           347096127                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            84737000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36842563                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36459                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.453181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         277163175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide    14.453181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.903324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.903324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328293                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              253                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     31619377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31619377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   9617084187                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   9617084187                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     31619377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     31619377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     31619377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     31619377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124977.774704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124977.774704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 265489.294032                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 265489.294032                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124977.774704                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124977.774704                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124977.774704                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124977.774704                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         56586                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.829805                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           36206                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                36206                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18462377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18462377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   7733310313                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7733310313                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18462377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18462377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18462377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18462377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72973.822134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72973.822134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 213485.819153                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213485.819153                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72973.822134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72973.822134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72973.822134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72973.822134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   132552                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64217.240538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     486427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   197317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     2.465206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   12673.098262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     4.830088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1135.719993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     1432.608438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 38719.774998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     2.654088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.007784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      545.091140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      913.810052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  8789.608693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.193376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.017330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.021860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.590817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.013944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.134119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.979877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        45108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        19652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         5031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        39902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.688293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.299866                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  6110572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 6110572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst               7661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data              21794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       138574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst               6377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              17292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        75612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 267683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          239712                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               239712                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            8881                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            1415                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10296                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             3683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             2891                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                 6574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                7661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data               25477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       138574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                6377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               20183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        75612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  274257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               7661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data              25477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       138574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst               6377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              20183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        75612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 274257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               183594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          7063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          5704                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12767                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          818                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         1393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           6032                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           5664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              11696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              3079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             12860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              7232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                195290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             3079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            12860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             7232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               195290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       598250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268856499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    563379750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  14370591021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     76052499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    131534999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2969532817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    18380994835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5708264                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12563466                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     18271730                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       936966                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2313401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3250367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478723658                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    408222395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    886946053                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       598250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268856499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1042103408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  14370591021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     76052499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    539757394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2969532817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     19267940888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       598250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268856499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1042103408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  14370591021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     76052499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    539757394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2969532817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    19267940888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          10740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data          28622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       283216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst           7208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          18860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       102244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             451277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       239712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           239712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         7119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23063                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1541                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          2572                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         8555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            18270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           10740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           38337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       283216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst            7208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           27415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       102244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              469547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          10740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          38337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       283216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst           7208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          27415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       102244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             469547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.286685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.238558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.115289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.083139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.406832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.442988                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.801236                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.553571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.793404                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.903958                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.859642                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.662069                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.640175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.286685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.335446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.115289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.263797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.415912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.286685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.335446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.115289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.263797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.415912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 74781.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87319.421565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82510.215290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 99352.822977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 91519.252708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83887.116709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111502.433801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100117.622771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   808.192553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2202.571178                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1431.168638                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1145.435208                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1660.732950                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1470.089100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79364.001658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72073.162959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75833.280865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 74781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87319.421565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81034.479627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 99352.822977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 91519.252708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74634.595409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111502.433801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98663.223350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 74781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87319.421565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81034.479627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 99352.822977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 91519.252708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74634.595409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 111502.433801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98663.223350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             3                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               99681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    99681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          183592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12767                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          818                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         11696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           195288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       144641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        26631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          195288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       498750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230599499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478526250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  12572070021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     65716499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    111976499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2643305317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16103067835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71591014                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     57261691                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128852705                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8313314                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13970392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22283706                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    403342338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    336523605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    739865943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       498750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230599499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    881868588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  12572070021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     65716499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    448500104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2643305317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16842933778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       498750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230599499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    881868588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  12572070021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     65716499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    448500104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2643305317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16842933778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    476661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4790227503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      9143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    820437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6096468503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3529697001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    722659000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4252356001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    476661000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8319924504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      9143000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1543096000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10348824504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.286685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.238558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.115289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.442988                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.801236                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.793404                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.903958                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859642                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.662069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.286685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.115289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.087912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.286685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.510709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.037383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.115289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.260465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62343.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74894.283534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70082.930580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 86919.130959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79081.226233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71413.583546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 99256.705231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87711.162986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10136.063146                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10038.865884                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10092.637660                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10162.975550                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10028.996411                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10078.564450                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66867.098475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59414.478284                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63258.032062                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74894.283534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68574.540280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 86919.130959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79081.226233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62016.054204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 99256.705231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86246.639722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74894.283534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68574.540280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 86919.130959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79081.226233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62016.054204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 99256.705231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86246.639722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              228161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             228160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              31188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             31188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            135887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            85485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          41282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           15173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       107950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       676793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       799389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       108922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       108922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 908311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       162833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        29224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     18898536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19090661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4636480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4636480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23727141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           129157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            511174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  511174    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              511174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            88144997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12118496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1838586997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1967573382                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38564437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             630354                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            630338                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             31188                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            31188                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           239712                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           95586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         41643                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         137229                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39856                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39856                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1145062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       504022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1649084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     33792786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     11864019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               45656805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          304478                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1039135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.035103                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.184041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                1002658     96.49%     96.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  36477      3.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            1039135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1515175521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          1071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1922628953                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1047459467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
