
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.219571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1219570622500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1219570622500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   313924                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              209623743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 249764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5817.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             61632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         124970496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125032128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        61632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           61632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65417280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65417280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1952664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1953627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1022145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1022145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                50536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            102470897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               102521433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           50536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              50536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          53639600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               53639600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          53639600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               50536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           102470897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              156161033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1953627                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1022145                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1953627                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1022145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                124950016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     82112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  65416064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 125032128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               65417280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              118315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              113533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              115749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              117256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              117296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              117124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              119398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              124125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              126652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              129582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             128170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             129930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             125581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             124839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             122149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             122645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               61422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               61664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               60725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               61395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               61816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               63307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               64357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               65854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               65580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               66032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              65645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              65946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              64510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              64527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              64900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              64446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1219570506500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1953627                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1022145                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1833407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    118928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    30664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    32017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    55394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    59725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    60150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    60160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    60171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    60164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    60165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    60205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    60270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    60241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    60697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    61009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    60531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    61008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    59822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    59630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1832533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      103.880589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean      81.106196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     130.417770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127        1454670     79.38%     79.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       261169     14.25%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        48917      2.67%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20611      1.12%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13239      0.72%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7059      0.39%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5499      0.30%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4584      0.25%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16785      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1832533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         59623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        32.744209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      148.154914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           59464     99.73%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023          114      0.19%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           10      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            6      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           59623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         59623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.143149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.107238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        1.113236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              27459     46.05%     46.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17               1251      2.10%     48.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18              26456     44.37%     92.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               3936      6.60%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                436      0.73%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 70      0.12%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 12      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           59623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    36415699500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               73022149500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   9761720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18652.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  37402.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         102.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          53.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      102.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       53.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     723035                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    418897                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   37.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  40.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       409833.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      38.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                 6719093640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                 3666172125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                7353785400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy               3243499200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            79656261360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           415707006375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           367085761500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             883431579600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              724.380520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   607907659750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     40724060000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    570937965250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                 7134833160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                 3893014125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                7874240400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy               3379877280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            79656261360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           426752022060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           357397152750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             886087401135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              726.558192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   591710247250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     40724060000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    587134092250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               246937199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         186891611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          15587043                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            168278704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               165579614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.396060                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18556464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             106119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             314                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                 63                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              251                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          101                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    453406129                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    5001511                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                458407640                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   161376524                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1709205                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               163085729                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    614782653                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6710716                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                621493369                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   600073027                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        19                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               600073046                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2439141245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      55113124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.335507                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.748779                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            83736345      4.58%      4.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              1129914150     61.87%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                     75      0.00%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                805244      0.04%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    13      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   100      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                   11      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    24      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              449492741     24.61%     91.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             162429806      8.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               1826378509                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      2082121954                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       357019291                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9121976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4080.816467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           602780801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9126072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             66.050410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       16880243500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4080.816467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1233657814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1233657814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    444298266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       444298266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    158482535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      158482535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     602780801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        602780801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    602780801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       602780801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7239103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7239103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2245967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2245967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      9485070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9485070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      9485070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9485070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 184068939500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 184068939500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 108510867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108510867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 292579806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 292579806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 292579806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 292579806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    451537369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    451537369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    612265871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    612265871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    612265871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    612265871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25427.036955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25427.036955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48313.651536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48313.651536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30846.351846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30846.351846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30846.351846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30846.351846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3686661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3686661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       358628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       358628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       358998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       358998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       358998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       358998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7238733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7238733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1887339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1887339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9126072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9126072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9126072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9126072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 176823131500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176823131500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  83341929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83341929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 260165060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 260165060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 260165060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 260165060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24427.359249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24427.359249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44158.430997                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44158.430997                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28507.890416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28507.890416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28507.890416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28507.890416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           752.953880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           600072064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          623127.792316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   752.953880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.367653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.367653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.468750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1200147017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1200147017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    600072064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       600072064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     600072064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        600072064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    600072064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       600072064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76328500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76328500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76328500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76328500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76328500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76328500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    600073027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    600073027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    600073027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    600073027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    600073027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    600073027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79261.163032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79261.163032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79261.163032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79261.163032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79261.163032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79261.163032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75365500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75365500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75365500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75365500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75365500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75365500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78261.163032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78261.163032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78261.163032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78261.163032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78261.163032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78261.163032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1920902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30774.220213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs           14409691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1950707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             7.386907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      89512155000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 14829.947034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.825587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 15901.447592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.452574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.485274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909576                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        149830158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       149830158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3686661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3686661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1106827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1106827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      6066581                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      6066581                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7173408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7173408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7173408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7173408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       780512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       780512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1172152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1172152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1952664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1953627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1952664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1953627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  68817926000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  68817926000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     73918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 102249953000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 102249953000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 171067879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 171141797500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 171067879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 171141797500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3686661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3686661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1887339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1887339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7238733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7238733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9126072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9127035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9126072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9127035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.161928                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161928                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88170.234410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88170.234410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.566978                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76758.566978                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87232.673749                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87232.673749                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.566978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87607.432205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87602.084482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.566978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87607.432205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87602.084482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1022145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1022145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       780512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1172152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1172152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1952664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1953627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1952664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1953627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61012806000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61012806000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64288500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90528433000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90528433000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 151541239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 151605527500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 151541239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 151605527500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.161928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78170.234410                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78170.234410                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66758.566978                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66758.566978                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77232.673749                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77232.673749                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66758.566978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77607.432205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77602.084482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66758.566978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77607.432205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77602.084482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18249014                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9121979                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1272                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1272                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7239696                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4708806                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      6334072                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1887339                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1887339                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          963                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7238733                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     27374120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          27376049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        61824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    820014912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          820076736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                     1920902                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic              65417280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     11047937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.010729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0           11046665     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               1272      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       11047937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    12811171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1444500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13689108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1219570622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1173115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1022145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           897727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            780512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           780512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1173115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5827126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5827126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    190449408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               190449408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3873499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3873499    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3873499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          8456520500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10686565250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
