
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.417310                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                417309765500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               417309765500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 274693                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   274693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187337647                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 252076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2227.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   611901617                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            156544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24300672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       156544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          156544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18790848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18790848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             377252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                379698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          293607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               293607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               375127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             57856609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                58231736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          375127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             375127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          45028536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               45028536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          45028536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              375127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            57856609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              103260272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        379698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       293607                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      379698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     293607                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24277632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     23040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18789440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24300672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18790848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               23694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               23158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               23444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               23654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               23908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              22779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              24392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              22740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              22446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               17782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               17457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               17944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               19512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              19258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              18049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              18265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              18732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    417309678500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  379698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 293607                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    378264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     7342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    17059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       142524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      302.166540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     179.513789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     323.994907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          50939     35.74%     35.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38821     27.24%     62.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13298      9.33%     72.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8416      5.90%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5517      3.87%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3864      2.71%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2991      2.10%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2664      1.87%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16014     11.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         142524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.890986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      236.476851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17319     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.942809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.869717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        3.235744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23           17276     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              34      0.20%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              12      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::328-335             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4040781000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11153368500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1896690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10652.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29402.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          58.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          45.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       58.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       45.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     314151                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    216242                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       619792.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  548954280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  299528625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1492608000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                956117520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            27256273200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            62660545740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           195417206250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             288631233615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              691.656457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   324545157250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13934700000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     78824485250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  528194520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  288201375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1465682400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                946002240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            27256273200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            59613271875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           198090253500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             288187879110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              690.594032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   329008482750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13934700000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     74361159750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               124433672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          87996740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           6213240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             71713354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                67453022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.059221                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15161941                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1121063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            7034                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               4431                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2603                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          736                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    149830728                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     559355                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                150390083                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    57603616                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     71398                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                57675014                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    207434344                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     630753                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                208065097                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   227957182                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        48                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               227957230                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  485                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        834619531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   611901617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      14840405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.363977                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.733150                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            52179272      8.53%      8.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu               355264620     58.06%     66.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 152833      0.02%     66.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                144588      0.02%     66.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     3      0.00%     66.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                369991      0.06%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    2      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                  3790      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              146565535     23.95%     90.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              57220983      9.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                611901617                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       746834256                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        87785275                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2535509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.685849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           203187427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2539605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             80.007492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1653740500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.685849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         415624619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        415624619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    147521260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       147521260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     55666167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       55666167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     203187427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        203187427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    203187427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       203187427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1811213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1811213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1543867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1543867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3355080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3355080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3355080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3355080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36182187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36182187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47720909500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47720909500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  83903096500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83903096500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  83903096500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83903096500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    149332473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    149332473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    206542507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206542507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    206542507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206542507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026986                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026986                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19976.770816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.770816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30909.987389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30909.987389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25007.778205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25007.778205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25007.778205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25007.778205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2339608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2339608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        46417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        46417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       769058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       769058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       815475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       815475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       815475                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       815475                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1764796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1764796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       774809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       774809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2539605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2539605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33173534500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33173534500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23341678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23341678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56515212500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56515212500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56515212500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56515212500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18797.376297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18797.376297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30125.718726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30125.718726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22253.544350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22253.544350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22253.544350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22253.544350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1116.866766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           227952177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          45544.890509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1116.866766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.545345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.545345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         455919369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        455919369                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    227952177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       227952177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     227952177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        227952177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    227952177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       227952177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    230776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    230776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    227957182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    227957182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    227957182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    227957182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    227957182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    227957182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46109.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46109.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46109.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46109.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46109.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46109.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45109.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45109.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45109.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45109.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45109.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45109.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           347716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29508.447379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3909297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           380147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.283646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     191524989500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21334.159610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   160.927719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8013.360050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.651067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.244548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989716                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         41824659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        41824659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2339608                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2339608                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         3176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       571847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       571847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2559                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2559                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1590506                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1590506                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2162353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2164912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2162353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2164912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       170947                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       170947                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       377252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        379698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       377252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       379698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16217980000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16217980000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191375500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    191375500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13768542000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13768542000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191375500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29986522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30177897500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191375500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29986522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30177897500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2339608                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2339608                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       778152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       778152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5005                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1761453                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1761453                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2539605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2544610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2539605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2544610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.265122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.488711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78611.667192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78611.667192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78240.188062                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78240.188062                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80542.753017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80542.753017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78240.188062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79486.714451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79478.684375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78240.188062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79486.714451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79478.684375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       293607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           293607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2446                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       170947                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       170947                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       377252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       379698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       377252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       379698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14154930000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14154930000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166915500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166915500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12059072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12059072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26214002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26380917500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26214002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26380917500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.488711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68611.667192                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68611.667192                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68240.188062                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68240.188062                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70542.753017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70542.753017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68240.188062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69486.714451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69478.684375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68240.188062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69486.714451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69478.684375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5083295                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2538685                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2395                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2395                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1766458                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2633215                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       250010                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       778152                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       778152                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         5005                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1761453                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        13186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7614719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7627905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       523584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    312269632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312793216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      347716                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic              18790848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2892326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.028764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2889931     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2395      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2892326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4884431500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       7507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3809407500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 417309765500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             173393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       293607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        173393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1104722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1104722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43091520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43091520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            725024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  725024    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              725024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2021857500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2009466000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
