
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.818075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2818074786500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2818074786500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 252135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   306151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5631568448                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 564964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   500.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   126169808                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     153199842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           666212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4384416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           128384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1037892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         6016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           504320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          4231744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10960328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       666212                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       128384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       504320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1298916                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8261760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8279284                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             18863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             69025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             16218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              7880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             66121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                180228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          129090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               133471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              236407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1555820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               45557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              368298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          2135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              178959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1501644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3889296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         236407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          45557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         178959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             460923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2931704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2937922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2931704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             236407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1562035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              45557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             368301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker         2135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             178959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1501644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide             341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6827218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         92321                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        90302                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       92321                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      90302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5904000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5704128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5908484                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5779208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    1152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2483                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                6123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                6403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                6349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                5472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                5792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               5626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2816508644000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       1                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   92320                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  90300                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     28069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     6520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     3895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     3940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     3737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        33954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      341.872416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     193.139988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     360.706061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          12607     37.13%     37.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7646     22.52%     59.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2942      8.66%     68.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1742      5.13%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1359      4.00%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          780      2.30%     79.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          533      1.57%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          565      1.66%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5780     17.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          33954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        26.875583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      525.946384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           3431     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        25.969406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.900383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       25.459060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                 4      0.12%      0.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 2      0.06%      0.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                3      0.09%      0.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               2      0.06%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2696     78.55%     78.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              29      0.84%     79.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              30      0.87%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             138      4.02%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              83      2.42%     87.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              30      0.87%     87.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              20      0.58%     88.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              23      0.67%     89.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              73      2.13%     91.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               7      0.20%     91.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               5      0.15%     91.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               8      0.23%     91.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              20      0.58%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               8      0.23%     92.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               8      0.23%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              21      0.61%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              41      1.19%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               8      0.23%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               3      0.09%     95.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               9      0.26%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              65      1.89%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             4      0.12%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             7      0.20%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             5      0.15%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             7      0.20%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.09%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             8      0.23%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             3      0.09%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            22      0.64%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             7      0.20%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             2      0.06%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.06%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             2      0.06%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             3      0.09%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.03%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             3      0.09%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             5      0.15%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             3      0.09%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             2      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::244-247             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1184332750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2914020250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    461250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12838.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31588.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      76434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     70988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15422529.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2704815148250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       94101540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       19154581250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 134477280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 122214960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  73375500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  66684750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                369415800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                350110800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               291185280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               286357680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          184062612240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          184062612240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           70840900170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           70013903985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1628700821250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1629426256500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1884472787520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1884328140915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.710440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.659112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14476474                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      4869                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   11056177                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      893                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         188                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     401                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3212                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   944                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      196                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14481343                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               11057070                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         25532651                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5762                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     25538413                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    67995752                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2758                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         188                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     401                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1969                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                67998510                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         67995752                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2758                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     67998510                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        82558276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   66186941                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     80639436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             70858992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5470                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    7266542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      8791397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    70858992                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5470                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          131380013                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49295072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                4246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           245776790                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29457750                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     26204570                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14653679                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  11550891                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              77949108.406676                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4609167.593324                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.055829                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.944171                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         16455876                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2193      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55779692     67.98%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58849      0.07%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4532      0.01%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14653679     17.86%     85.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               11550891     14.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  82049836                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3055                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           833965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           46972085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           834477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.289251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         23053500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   485.818118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    16.670897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     9.507786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.948864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.032560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.018570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        198452344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       198452344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     13787811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4397354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      8501200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26686365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     10663716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3166111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      5160414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18990241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       190628                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        60624                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data       130481                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       381733                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       235896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        80331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       134984                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       451211                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       237277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        82832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       139583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       459692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     24451527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      7563465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     13661614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        45676606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     24642155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      7624089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     13792095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       46058339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       191712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        58922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       315531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       566165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       143864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        35394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1531641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1710899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        54000                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        21214                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data        65487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       140701                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         3296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         9679                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       335576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        94316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1847172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2277064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       389576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       115530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1912659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2417765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    899565500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5307857354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6207422854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1328486412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  70638951119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  71967437531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     46576250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    132400246                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178976496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       207001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       207001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2228051912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  75946808473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78174860385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2228051912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  75946808473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78174860385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13979523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4456276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8816731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27252530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10807580                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3201505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      6692055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20701140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244628                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        81838                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       195968                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       522434                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240356                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       144663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       468646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       237279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        82832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       139598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       459709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     24787103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      7657781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     15508786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47953670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     25031731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      7739619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     15704754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48476104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.228875                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082648                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.220743                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.259219                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.334172                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.269318                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.119105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.121789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15267.056448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16821.983748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10963.981973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37534.226479                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46119.783369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42064.106374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14131.143811                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13679.124496                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10265.356811                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13800.066667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12176.529412                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23623.265533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41115.179568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34331.428710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19285.483528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39707.448360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32333.523062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       374153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        25938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            24753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.115461                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    48.482243                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       692650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           692650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       155404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       155523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1411618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1411618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1952                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         6678                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1567022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1567141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1567022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1567141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       160127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       120023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20830                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43721                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        64551                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1344                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4345                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       280150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       374347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       115027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       323871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       438898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    779470500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2130747955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910218455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1251702570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5436442471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6688145041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    266097500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    651596008                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917693508                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21534500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     37307002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58841502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       176999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       176999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2031173070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7567190426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9598363496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2297270570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8218786434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10516057004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1018847500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1696409500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2715257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    779636500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1318509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2098145500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1798484000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3014918500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4813402500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017935                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007508                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.254527                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.223103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123558                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016071                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020745                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009271                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13255.624713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13306.612595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.917622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35364.823699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45295.005716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43033.548717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12774.723956                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14903.501933                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14216.565320                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16022.693452                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12431.523492                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13542.347986                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11799.933333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11799.933333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21563.033536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27011.209802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25640.284271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19971.576847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25376.728494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23960.138811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1798241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.545331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          100915026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1798752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.102801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10926866250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   477.669310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    21.516745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    12.359276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.932948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.042025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.024139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        104562639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       104562639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     67129206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     21624080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     12161740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      100915026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     67129206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     21624080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     12161740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       100915026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     67129206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     21624080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     12161740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      100915026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       868572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       731453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1848827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       868572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       731453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1848827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       868572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       731453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1848827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3368077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10037357964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13405434964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3368077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10037357964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13405434964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3368077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10037357964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13405434964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67997778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     21872882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     12893193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102763853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67997778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     21872882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     12893193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    102763853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67997778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     21872882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     12893193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    102763853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.178158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13722.492032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7250.778447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.178158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13722.492032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7250.778447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.178158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13722.492032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7250.778447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.915698                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       681413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       930215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       681413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       930215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       248802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       681413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       930215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2869743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8188546795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11058289795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2869743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8188546795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11058289795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2869743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8188546795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11058289795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.052851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.052851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.052851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11534.244098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12017.009941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11887.885913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11534.244098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12017.009941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11887.885913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11534.244098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12017.009941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11887.885913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4627532                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1596                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3288935                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      256                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     148                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1270                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   238                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       69                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4629128                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3289191                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          7916467                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1852                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      7918319                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    21872882                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                       825                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     148                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     668                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                21873707                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         21872882                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                            825                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     21873707                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       158012156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21172070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25390672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22586857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1738                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2402647                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2689176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22586857                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1738                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           41666783                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          15854927                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1290                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            92283936                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            9328431                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8130215                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4674464                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3455751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              151523865.450182                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6488290.549818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.041062                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.958938                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5242761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   34      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 17956106     68.78%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   18827      0.07%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              1169      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4674464     17.91%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3455751     13.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26106351                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               17443399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9460519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           398611                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            10920300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                8161771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            74.739439                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                4093630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     9671030                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     37752                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    7157940                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5738                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         182                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     368                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2464                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      439                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   949                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      419                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 9708782                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                7163678                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         16828970                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          43490                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     16872460                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    12894617                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      6298                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         182                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     368                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1799                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1027                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                12900915                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         12894617                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           6298                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     12900915                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        69897742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          26768356                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      69154350                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   17443399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          12255401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     39728052                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2075674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     91833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279943                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       102540                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          510                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 12893196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               269600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2749                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          68010313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.222372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.345734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                49396667     72.63%     72.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2406815      3.54%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1558633      2.29%     78.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4908408      7.22%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1099721      1.62%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  702073      1.03%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 3889062      5.72%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  750470      1.10%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 3298464      4.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            68010313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.249556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.989365                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                18657683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             36955851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 10391299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1075131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                930120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1306172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred               109269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              59268734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               353681                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                930120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                19279637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4349454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      27177493                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 10831041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5442328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              56795330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                936981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                152434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               3851730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           58689966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            260889069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        63678439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4318                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             48634410                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10055540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            957404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        893614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  6253924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            10259989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            7928891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1377694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1916931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  54575287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             669934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 51950842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            68646                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7267604                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18361034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         68925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68010313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.763867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.465859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           47556715     69.93%     69.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6835010     10.05%     79.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5099948      7.50%     87.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4195226      6.17%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1610331      2.37%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1069065      1.57%     97.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1123688      1.65%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             361159      0.53%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             159171      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       68010313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  78624      9.78%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                373360     46.42%     56.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               352326     43.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              110      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34419657     66.25%     66.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               39271      0.08%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  2      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              1      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          2864      0.01%     66.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            3      0.00%     66.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9952470     19.16%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7536463     14.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              51950842                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.743241                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     804311                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015482                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         172775366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         62545429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50354259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               9588                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5092                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4209                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              52749857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5186                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          265342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1601303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1888                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        38444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       793651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       130825                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       118759                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                930120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3238109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               943841                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           55348166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            92957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10259989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7928891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            358502                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33985                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               900757                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         38444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        183146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       162363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              345509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51516440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9776464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           391010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                       102945                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    17239257                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 9485344                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   7462793                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.737026                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      51063802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     50358468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 26440569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 45930116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.720459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575670                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8108589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         601009                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           290869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     66287251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.712520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.616760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48204047     72.72%     72.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8094433     12.21%     84.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3998554      6.03%     90.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1723968      2.60%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       875669      1.32%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       615346      0.93%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257319      1.90%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       299111      0.45%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1218804      1.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     66287251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            38872037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              47230974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      15793926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      8658686                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     225734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   8913791                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      4128                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 41344274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls             1642310                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31396236     66.47%     66.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          37948      0.08%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         2864      0.01%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8658686     18.33%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       7135240     15.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         47230974                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1218804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   112988408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  112405622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         280375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1887429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  5250225403                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   38810797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     47169734                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.800987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.800987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.555251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.555251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                56393520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               31926452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    15872                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   13692                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                182232541                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                19215539                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads              124355307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                481535                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59019                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22795                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             18213000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             2807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            15730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           217719639                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39873000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            22974011                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36442                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.993341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         245004243009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.993341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.062084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.062084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328284                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     14419928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14419928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   6029712700                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   6029712700                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     14419928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     14419928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     14419928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     14419928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 57221.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57221.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 166456.291409                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166456.291409                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 57221.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57221.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 57221.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57221.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         34890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.730999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide        22720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        22720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7815928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7815928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   4848250722                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4848250722                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7815928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7815928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7815928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7815928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.627208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61542.740157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61542.740157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 213391.316989                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213391.316989                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61542.740157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61542.740157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61542.740157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61542.740157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   100831                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65118.744874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2894730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   166072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    17.430572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   49795.493403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     1.939326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5292.397633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2853.974292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.969197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1121.420686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      949.232304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    58.100226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3505.367496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1539.850216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.759819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.080756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.017112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.014484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.053488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.023496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.993633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000687                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 27445059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                27445059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         5016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             858721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             243218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             246795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              78418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             673438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             202274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2346335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          692650                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               692650                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  55                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            80155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            20967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            56516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               157638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          5016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          2571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              858721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              323373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          1379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              246795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               99385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         27414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          6412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              673438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              258790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2503973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         5016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             858721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             323373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             246795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              99385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             673438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             258790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2503973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             9846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             2559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             7888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             4558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                33911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1225                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1060                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2716                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          62475                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          13991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          62423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             138889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              9846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             16550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              7888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             66981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                172800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             9846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            16550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             7888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            66981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               172800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    144626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    192907250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    607430500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    371890495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1324177245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        22999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       301987                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       324986                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    987166510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4660643249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5647809759                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    144626500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1180073760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    607430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5032533744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6971987004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    144626500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1180073760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    607430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5032533744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6971987004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         868567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         250172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         248801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          80977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         681326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         206832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2380246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       692650                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           692650                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1234                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          436                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       142630                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       118939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          868567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          392802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          248801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          115935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          681326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          325771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2676773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         868567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         392802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         248801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         115935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         681326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         325771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2676773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.031602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.022037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.014247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992707                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.988532                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962761                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.980152                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.176471                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.438021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.524832                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.176753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.142752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.011577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.205608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.176753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.142752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.205608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72096.959123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75383.841344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77106.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77006.909229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81590.718517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39048.605025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data    53.361949                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   284.893396                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   119.656112                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70557.251805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74662.275908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40664.197733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72096.959123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71303.550453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77106.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77006.909229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75133.750526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40347.147014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72096.959123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71303.550453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77106.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77006.909229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75133.750526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40347.147014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               92900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    92900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           17058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        62423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         76414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            93472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           93472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119268500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    160925750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    507884250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    312523995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106751995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4310431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10603060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14913491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    808211990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3890249251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4698461241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119268500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    969137740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    507884250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4202773246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5805213236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119268500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    969137740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    507884250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4202773246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5805213236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    943538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1583240500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2526779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    725279500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1236367500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1961647000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1668818000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   2819608000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4488426000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.988532                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962761                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538073                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.524832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.205476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.205476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59455.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62886.186010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64755.319149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 64427.787644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69219.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64881.697444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10002.886792                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.341382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57766.563505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62320.767201                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61486.916547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59455.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58558.171601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64755.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 64427.787644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62786.059428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62106.440817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59455.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58558.171601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64755.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 64427.787644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62786.059428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62106.440817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            129090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       471586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       579048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       109015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       109015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 688063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16930172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     17093291                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4642496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4642496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21735787                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              288                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            341037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  341037    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              341037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40803000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              460500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           937458500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          904148767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           23873989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2443122                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2443118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           692650                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        22720                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2771                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2788                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           296527                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296527                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3615529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2484690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        88144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6217293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    115152760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     97928947                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       155392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              213285547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           51952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3431323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.010630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.102554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3394847     98.94%     98.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36476      1.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3431323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2376326693                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           558000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4188826435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2020844355                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          11830425                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          39636892                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
