
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 47.422278                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                47422277747000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               47422277747000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  91986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108182                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4717167353                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 870208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10053.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   924745220                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1087564829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       123008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        83392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          1145824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         12461528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     54523392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       250240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       244864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           679904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         13804768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     35481280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        451200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            119249400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1145824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       679904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1825728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     92428416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         20812                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             4                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          92449232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         1922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             33856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            194733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       851928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst             10667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            215714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           7050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1879304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1444194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             2602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1446797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          2594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          1758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               24162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              262778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1149742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          5277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          5163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               14337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              291103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       748199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             9515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2514628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          24162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          14337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              38499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1949051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data                439                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1949489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1949051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         2594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         1758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              24162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             263217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1149742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         5277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         5163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              14337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             291103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       748199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide            9515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4464118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1879304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1600997                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1879304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1600997                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                120227392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     48064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 101998144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 119249400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              102318032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    7249                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          97584                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              111371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              133364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              107237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              129396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              116369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              129089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              116664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              120571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              118226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              133705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              98234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             110272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             110364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             124983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             111960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             106748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               99185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              109011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               97054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              108172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               98286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              106076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              100140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              103851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               98795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               98239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              89198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              97505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              95822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             102116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              95043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              95228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    47422276363500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      37                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                   21333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1857934                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1598394                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    506038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    360780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    256406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                    156907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    129304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                     95738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                     81613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     74114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     66527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     41507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    30519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    26998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    23594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    21466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     2821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    23051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    29130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    37353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    44982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    51054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    59346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    67111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    76742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    83422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    92810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    99100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   107174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   114191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   124207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                   117512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                   121939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                   125600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                   118087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                    27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                    21524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                    15466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                    10008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     6220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     4458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     3377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     2458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       975956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      227.699905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     133.562466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     280.517231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         518192     53.10%     53.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       197775     20.26%     73.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73464      7.53%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        39205      4.02%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32875      3.37%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        20645      2.12%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14690      1.51%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        16974      1.74%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        62136      6.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         975956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         85700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.919883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       65.914571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           85693     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           85700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         85700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        18.596511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.559355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       11.221946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           76419     89.17%     89.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            4825      5.63%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             861      1.00%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             776      0.91%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             493      0.58%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             137      0.16%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             117      0.14%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             137      0.16%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             585      0.68%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              72      0.08%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              76      0.09%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              72      0.08%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             110      0.13%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              48      0.06%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              42      0.05%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              81      0.09%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             124      0.14%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              28      0.03%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91              35      0.04%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              50      0.06%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             194      0.23%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            14      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            23      0.03%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            14      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            54      0.06%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            16      0.02%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            21      0.02%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            26      0.03%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           106      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            28      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             8      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             9      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147            15      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151            15      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             3      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             3      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            11      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             6      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             4      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             2      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             6      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::204-207             3      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             5      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             4      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::244-247             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-251             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           85700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   131185455773                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              166408324523                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   9392765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       69833.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  88583.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    1529879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    966437                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  60.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     13625912.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      71.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45568926392500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1583533900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      269814192000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                3837713040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                3540506760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                2093990250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1931824125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               7519675800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               7132967400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              5325102000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              5002210080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3097392308400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3097392308400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1175879799405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1172220553305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          27421890099000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          27425099964000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            31713938687895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            31712320334070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.756196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.722070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           572                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst            3                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           11                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1667                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6830592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1670                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              136692903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         91051024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          6675955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            96641264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               62499971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            64.672137                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               18343531                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            188881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    98285730                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    371363                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   82429878                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                   160428                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              44806                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1069                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   34259                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      107                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  6211                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                    37781                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                98657093                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               82590306                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        180715608                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         531791                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    181247399                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   214588445                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     81035                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              44806                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1069                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   24176                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                   217359                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               214669480                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        214588445                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          81035                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    214669480                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       723605959                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          84128505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     603958712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  136692903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          80843502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    610845531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles               14389096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1590613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              145998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      6064926                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       691327                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       308415                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                214371554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes              1629958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  26989                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         710969863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.995603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.223531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               371943625     52.31%     52.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               132005479     18.57%     70.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                45223870      6.36%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               161796889     22.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           710969863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.188905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.834651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles               100859820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            341670501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                226894689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles             36450722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               5094131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved            19684552                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred              2143149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             625299942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts             23465263                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               5094131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles               135677386                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               49836875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles     228336608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                227963533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             64061330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             608231586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.SquashedInsts              5949574                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              8548374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                231810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                263882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              30185355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           12581                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          579905224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            937754781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       718843517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1013139                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            522903039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                57002179                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts          15055979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13152707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 73956769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            99026206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           85770687                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          8763922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         7686093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 586686508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15156086                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                590156830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          2681738                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       50409396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34542071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        266225                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    710969863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.830073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.072195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          390297771     54.90%     54.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          132320625     18.61%     73.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          115120103     16.19%     89.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           65333726      9.19%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7893369      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               4269      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      710969863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               61459839     45.63%     45.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 50531      0.04%     45.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                  24866      0.02%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              22      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead              34471783     25.59%     71.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             38693635     28.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            403696370     68.40%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1373917      0.23%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                72713      0.01%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  2      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              8      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             15      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             25      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         82685      0.01%     68.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           101222055     17.15%     85.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           83709039     14.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             590156830                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.815578                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  134700676                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.228246                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        2027250728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        651818194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    574107974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1415207                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            570288                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       525567                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             723981962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 875543                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2649036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     12005066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        15997                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       137574                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5832630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2633268                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3783846                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               5094131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6289107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4809356                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          601961701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             99026206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            85770687                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          12881584                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 63147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4682481                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        137574                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       1984191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2898838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             4883029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            582493668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             98279194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          7144205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       119107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   180711366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches               110157991                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  82432172                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.804987                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     575359382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    574633541                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                278757047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                457962623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.794125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       46943290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       14889861                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          4575538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    702085405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.780670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.579297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    463334360     65.99%     65.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    122538358     17.45%     83.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     53278812      7.59%     91.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     18006181      2.56%     93.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     13261797      1.89%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8597155      1.22%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5895517      0.84%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3809437      0.54%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13363788      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    702085405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           466411686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             548096953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     166959196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     87021139                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                    3711025                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                 104496556                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    513447                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                502627891                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            13679873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       379865208     69.31%     69.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1141082      0.21%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           57492      0.01%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            8      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           13      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           21      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        73933      0.01%     69.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       87021139     15.88%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      79938057     14.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        548096953                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             13363788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1279505618                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1198929363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         780048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       12636096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                 94120949562                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  466411686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    548096953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.551432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.551432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.644566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.644566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               688144011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              408577767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   842658                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  455584                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                127446024                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               128164594                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             2855519856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes              15107964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5838402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.465464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          155155227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5838912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.572626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1750084500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   504.465464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.985284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        346167633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       346167633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     80535549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       80535549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     69641264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      69641264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       207056                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       207056                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       203093                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       203093                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1877400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1877400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      1900232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1900232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    150176813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       150176813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    150383869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      150383869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      6642832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6642832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      7191098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7191098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       692118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       692118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       798159                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       798159                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       243998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       243998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data       184133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       184133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     13833930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      13833930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     14526048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     14526048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  99514286008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  99514286008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115098035706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 115098035706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53560236062                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  53560236062                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3359260407                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3359260407                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3823760481                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3823760481                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2172500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2172500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 214612321714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 214612321714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 214612321714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 214612321714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     87178381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87178381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     76832362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76832362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       899174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       899174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1001252                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1001252                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2121398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2121398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2084365                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2084365                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    164010743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    164010743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    164909917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    164909917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769726                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.769726                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797161                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.797161                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.115018                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115018                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088340                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.088340                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14980.701907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.701907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16005.627472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16005.627472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67104.719814                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67104.719814                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13767.573533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13767.573533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20766.296541                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20766.296541                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15513.474603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15513.474603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14774.309001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14774.309001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     16118603                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16176348                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           692801                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets         696412                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.265848                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    23.228129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3975125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3975125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3497983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3497983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      5763188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      5763188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4492                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total         4492                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       123982                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       123982                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9261171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9261171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9261171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9261171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3144849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3144849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1427910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1427910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       685927                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       685927                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       793667                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       793667                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       120016                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       120016                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184129                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       184129                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4572759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4572759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      5258686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5258686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40981205496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40981205496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22755476630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22755476630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17996613568                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17996613568                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51855736982                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51855736982                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1434297417                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434297417                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3446370519                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3446370519                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2070500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2070500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  63736682126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63736682126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  81733295694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81733295694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5581760391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5581760391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5277895398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5277895398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10859655789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10859655789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762841                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762841                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.792675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056574                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056574                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088338                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088338                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13031.215647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13031.215647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15936.212107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15936.212107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26236.922541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26236.922541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65336.894418                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65336.894418                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11950.885024                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11950.885024                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18717.152209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18717.152209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13938.342722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13938.342722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15542.532050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15542.532050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          6042830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.967320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          208050611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          6043342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.426417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      11201042000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.967320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        434737408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       434737408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    208050611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      208050611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    208050611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       208050611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    208050611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      208050611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      6296413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6296413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      6296413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       6296413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      6296413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      6296413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55127710497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55127710497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55127710497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  55127710497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55127710497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  55127710497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    214347024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    214347024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    214347024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    214347024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    214347024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    214347024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8755.415265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8755.415265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8755.415265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8755.415265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8755.415265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8755.415265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4477144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           62                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs           570538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.847232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           62                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       253053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       253053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       253053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       253053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       253053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       253053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6043360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6043360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6043360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6043360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6043360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6043360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44707631164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44707631164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44707631164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44707631164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44707631164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44707631164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1699559498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1699559498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1699559498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1699559498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7397.810351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7397.810351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7397.810351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7397.810351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7397.810351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7397.810351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     60184765                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      4393414                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     48808124                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher      3087530                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit       452633                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      3443064                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      5114963                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements         4158550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16214.275256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs          12594287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         4174696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            3.016815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      9944532000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3315.303513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    38.862270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    22.140550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   967.067959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2910.372119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  8960.528846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.202350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.177635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.546907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         8340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         3646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         2631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          566                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.509033                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004761                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.471680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       280330704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      280330704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       522125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       166946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5796903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2821623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       9307597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3975115                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3975115                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       222232                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       222232                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       121282                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total       121282                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data        38571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        38571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data       940340                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       940340                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       522125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       166946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5796903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3761963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total       10247937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       522125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       166946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5796903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3761963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total      10247937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       246435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1125045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1395163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_misses::total            7                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       570059                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       570059                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data       122791                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       122791                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data       145551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       145551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data       254425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       254425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       246435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1379470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1649588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       246435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1379470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1649588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    480401321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    335313359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6760403458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39140642193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46716760331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45434423993                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  45434423993                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2483631237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2483631237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2949204388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2949204388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2019500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      2019500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11373473627                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11373473627                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    480401321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    335313359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6760403458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50514115820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  58090233958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    480401321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    335313359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6760403458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50514115820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  58090233958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       535986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       176768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6043338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3946668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10702760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3975122                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3975122                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       792291                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       792291                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       244073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       184122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       184122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1194765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1194765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       535986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       176768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6043338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5141433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     11897525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       535986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       176768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6043338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5141433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     11897525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.055564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.040778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.719507                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.719507                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.503091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.503091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790514                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.790514                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.212950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.055564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.040778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.268305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.138650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.055564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.040778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.268305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.138650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34658.489359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 34139.010283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27432.805640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34790.290338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33484.804522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79701.265997                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79701.265997                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20226.492471                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20226.492471                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20262.343701                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20262.343701                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       288500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total       288500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44702.657471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44702.657471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34658.489359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 34139.010283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27432.805640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36618.495379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35214.995476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34658.489359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 34139.010283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27432.805640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36618.495379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35214.995476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            8029                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.023041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1673369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total         1673369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        62618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        25783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        88597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       467795                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total       467795                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        32791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total        32791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        62618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        58574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total       121388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        62618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        58574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total       121388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       183817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1099262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1306566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3442663                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      3442663                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       102264                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       102264                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       122791                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       122791                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       145551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       145551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       221634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       183817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1320896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1528200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         9630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       183817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1320896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3442663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4970863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    382774591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    260281521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4356544455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30386877543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35386478110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 191389904056                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 191389904056                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3325777104                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3325777104                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2139983924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2139983924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2013011425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013011425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1662500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7397496985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7397496985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    382774591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    260281521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4356544455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37784374528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42783975095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    382774591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    260281521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4356544455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37784374528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 191389904056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 234173879151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1519173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5327096604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6846269604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5036994556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5036994556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1519173000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10364091160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11883264160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.054478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.129074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.503091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790514                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.790514                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.054478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.025853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.054478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 27623.193404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 27028.195327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23700.443675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27642.980057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27083.574890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 55593.563487                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55593.563487                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32521.484628                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32521.484628                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17427.856472                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17427.856472                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13830.282341                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13830.282341                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       237500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       237500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33377.085578                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33377.085578                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 27623.193404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 27028.195327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23700.443675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28605.109356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27996.319261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 27623.193404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 27028.195327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23700.443675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28605.109356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 55593.563487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47109.300568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      15173335                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     11005084                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        31316                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        31316                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3975122                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      5222365                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       963549                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       792291                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       491639                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       333223                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       494297                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           53                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1332515                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1202467                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     12129286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     16997895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       390025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1185916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         30703122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    387114336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    641181457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1414144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      4287888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total        1033997825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                   10518238                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     27441081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.371527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.483213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          17245975     62.85%     62.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6          10195106     37.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      27441081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   13452656135                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    192867736                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   9099601288                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   8421572630                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    213967447                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    651243914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups              133961841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         89061347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect          6618163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            94585757                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               62217505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            65.778936                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               18340774                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            186545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    98830623                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    443426                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   80619639                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                   165440                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              44806                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1069                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   44150                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      612                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  6848                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                    42554                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                99274049                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               80785079                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        179450262                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         608866                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    180059128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   211899162                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     88988                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              44806                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1069                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   32114                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                   230833                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               211988150                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        211899162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          88988                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    211988150                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       705261968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          81258744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     595261780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                  133961841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          80558279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                    597026773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles               14270848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                   1888771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles              137791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      6543938                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       793820                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       311963                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                211646234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes              1619349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  28847                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         695097224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.005850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.225976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               360486788     51.86%     51.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1               129920524     18.69%     70.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                44826389      6.45%     77.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3               159863523     23.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           695097224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.189946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.844029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                99752260                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles            332349824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                219841712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles             38085588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               5067840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved            18995502                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred              2109796                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             616514692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts             22877728                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               5067840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles               135033848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               48639647                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles     225189127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                222148294                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             59018468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             599774214                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.SquashedInsts              5804898                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents              8803158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                361913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                923044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents              23085631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           14113                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          571116000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            927515458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       708750961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           721490                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            514023695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                57092304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts          16265387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts      14239236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 76589893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            99537313                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           83963206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          9607701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         8257946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 576970515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           16478044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                581773999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          2685793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       50643585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34938077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        295595                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    695097224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.836968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.068825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          375720628     54.05%     54.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          136500819     19.64%     73.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          111041420     15.97%     89.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           64151608      9.23%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7678235      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               4508      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      695097224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               58467261     44.14%     44.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 65736      0.05%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   8975      0.01%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              28      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     44.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead              36077917     27.24%     71.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             37847209     28.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            396486231     68.15%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1392625      0.24%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                78812      0.01%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         42928      0.01%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           101899765     17.52%     85.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           81873638     14.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             581773999                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.824905                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  132467126                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.227695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1992741902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        643831652                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    565540483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1056239                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            418449                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       388115                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses             713583395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 657730                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2682619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     12570649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        16823                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       158978                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5834378                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2724944                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3729174                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               5067840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                8144414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2028582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          593577386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             99537313                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            83963206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          14010879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 57965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1901764                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        158978                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2040667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2820650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts             4861317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            574179310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             98827451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          6993764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       128827                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                   179445358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches               107524158                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  80617907                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.814136                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     566651750                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    565928598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                274900610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                450009146                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.802437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47337627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       16182449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts          4550579                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    686146419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.786229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.582193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    448874592     65.42%     65.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    124520992     18.15%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     51724584      7.54%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     17115210      2.49%     93.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12441515      1.81%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8692682      1.27%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5812900      0.85%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3666336      0.53%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13297608      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    686146419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           458333534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             539467876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                     165095491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     86966664                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                    3858042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                 101991370                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    379596                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                495494093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls            13607824                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       373132612     69.17%     69.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1140635      0.21%     69.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           62088      0.01%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        37050      0.01%     69.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       86966664     16.12%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      78128827     14.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        539467876                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             13297608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                  1255653176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                 1182522736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         784634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       10164744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 94139293558                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  458333534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    539467876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.538753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.538753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.649877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.649877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               678371688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes              402814905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                   627803                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                  323588                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                123299886                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes               123979632                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads             2817640596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes              16155257                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5719154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          428.720007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          153241322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5719665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.792010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     8515430590500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   428.720007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.837344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        342874086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       342874086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     80584085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       80584085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     68058878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      68058878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       187635                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       187635                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       112453                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       112453                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data      1764554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1764554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data      1816897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1816897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    148642963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       148642963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    148830598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      148830598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6869643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6869643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      7494314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7494314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       706318                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       706318                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data       458418                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       458418                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       288948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       288948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data       190861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       190861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     14363957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      14363957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     15070275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     15070275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105402463849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 105402463849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121649241613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 121649241613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17403154350                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  17403154350                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4078869410                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4078869410                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3937390159                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3937390159                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1956500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1956500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 227051705462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 227051705462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 227051705462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 227051705462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     87453728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87453728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     75553192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     75553192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       893953                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       893953                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       570871                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       570871                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2053502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2053502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2007758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2007758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    163006920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    163006920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    163900873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    163900873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.790106                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.790106                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.803015                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.803015                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.140710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.095062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.088119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.091947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15343.222908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15343.222908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16232.205057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16232.205057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37963.505687                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37963.505687                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14116.274935                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14116.274935                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20629.621342                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20629.621342                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15807.044358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15807.044358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15066.195239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15066.195239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4622048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     18188306                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           368036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets         754235                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.558684                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    24.114906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3658567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3658567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      3579229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3579229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      6058526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      6058526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         3270                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total         3270                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       146042                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       146042                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9637755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9637755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9637755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9637755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3290414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3290414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1435788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1435788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       706224                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       706224                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       455148                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       455148                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       142906                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       142906                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       190858                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       190858                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4726202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4726202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      5432426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5432426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  44800014998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44800014998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23381887855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23381887855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16359112476                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16359112476                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16414544257                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16414544257                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1722097666                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1722097666                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3546227841                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3546227841                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1864500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1864500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  68181902853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68181902853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  84541015329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84541015329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    790979694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    790979694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    944680456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    944680456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1735660150                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1735660150                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.790001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.790001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.797287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069591                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069591                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095060                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095060                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13615.312541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13615.312541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16285.055910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16285.055910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23164.197869                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23164.197869                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36064.190674                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36064.190674                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12050.562370                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.562370                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18580.451650                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18580.451650                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14426.362405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14426.362405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15562.294881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15562.294881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          5881686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          501.904324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          205507195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5882198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.937143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     8555135625500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   501.904324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.980282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        429168724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       429168724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    205507195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      205507195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    205507195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       205507195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    205507195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      205507195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      6136058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6136058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      6136058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       6136058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      6136058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      6136058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  53889413624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53889413624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  53889413624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  53889413624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  53889413624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  53889413624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    211643253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    211643253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    211643253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    211643253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    211643253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    211643253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8782.415946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8782.415946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8782.415946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8782.415946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8782.415946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8782.415946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4496430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs           574651                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.824627                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       253840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       253840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       253840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       253840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       253840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       253840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5882218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5882218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5882218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5882218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5882218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5882218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  43727434357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43727434357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  43727434357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43727434357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  43727434357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43727434357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6637997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6637997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6637997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6637997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7433.834373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7433.834373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7433.834373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7433.834373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7433.834373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7433.834373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     56932742                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      2823095                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     47812216                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher      2677811                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit       382726                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      3236886                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      4916498                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements         4092617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       13780.930785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs          12621619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         4108487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            3.072084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    9637211064000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3757.362843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    62.809020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker    56.863279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   599.057552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3491.075179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  5813.762913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.229331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.003471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.036564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.213078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.354844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         8933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         3625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         2921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.545227                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005127                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.418274                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       271640392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      271640392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       596119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       184681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5616426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2971260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       9368486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3658557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3658557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       182266                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       182266                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data        95807                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total        95807                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data        41710                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        41710                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data       960995                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       960995                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       596119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       184681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5616426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3932255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total       10329481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       596119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       184681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5616426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3932255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total      10329481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       265788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      1166045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1460106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::total            9                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data       271820                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       271820                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data       129531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       129531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data       149141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       149141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data       255657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       255657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       265788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1421702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1715763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       265788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1421702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1715763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    666484538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    571688851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6944017926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  40559833009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48742024324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11677447356                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  11677447356                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2603211060                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2603211060                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3027794367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   3027794367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1818500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      1818500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11891425269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11891425269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    666484538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    571688851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6944017926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  52451258278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  60633449593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    666484538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    571688851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6944017926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  52451258278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  60633449593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       612223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       196850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5882214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4137305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10828592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3658566                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3658566                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       454086                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       454086                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       225338                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       225338                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       190851                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       190851                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1216652                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1216652                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       612223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       196850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5882214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      5353957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     12045244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       612223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       196850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5882214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      5353957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     12045244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.061819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.281837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.598609                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.598609                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.574830                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.574830                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.781453                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.781453                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.210132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.210132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.061819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.265542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.061819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.265542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41386.272851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 46979.115046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26126.152896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34784.106110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33382.524504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42960.221308                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42960.221308                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20097.204993                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20097.204993                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20301.556024                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20301.556024                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 259785.714286                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total 259785.714286                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46513.200378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46513.200378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41386.272851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 46979.115046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26126.152896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36893.285849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35339.058829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41386.272851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 46979.115046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26126.152896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36893.285849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35339.058829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       176494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            8388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.041249                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1389640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total         1389640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        69245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         8993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        78405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       181850                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total       181850                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        36174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total        36174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        69245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        45167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total       114579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        69245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        45167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total       114579                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       196543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1157052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1381701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      3236467                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      3236467                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        89970                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        89970                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       129531                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       129531                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       149141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       149141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       219483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       219483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       196543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1376535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1601184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       196543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1376535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      3236467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4837651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    552512324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    478828801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4373003012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  32056735781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37461079918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 119200504380                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119200504380                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2795660291                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2795660291                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2211789154                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211789154                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2062142611                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062142611                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1496500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1496500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7294562114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7294562114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    552512324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    478828801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4373003012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39351297895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44755642032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    552512324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    478828801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4373003012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39351297895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 119200504380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 163956146412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6077501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    736923302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    743000803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    890555024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    890555024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6077501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1627478326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1633555827                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.060986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.198134                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198134                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.574830                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574830                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.781453                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781453                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.060986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.257106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.060986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.257106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34315.404261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 39885.781008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22249.599385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27705.527306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27112.291240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 36830.440224                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36830.440224                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31073.249872                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31073.249872                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17075.365387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17075.365387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13826.798875                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13826.798875                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 213785.714286                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213785.714286                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33235.203246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33235.203246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34315.404261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 39885.781008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22249.599385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28587.212018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27951.592092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34315.404261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 39885.781008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22249.599385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28587.212018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 36830.440224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33891.685533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      15325840                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     11081361                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         7210                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         7210                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3658566                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      4807205                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       637593                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       454086                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       471082                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       336358                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       477965                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1352070                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1222067                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     11764566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     16293479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       431287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1341589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         29830921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    376462768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    612089908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1574800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      4897784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         995025260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                   10166385                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     26584709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.370632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.482974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          16731578     62.94%     62.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6           9853131     37.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      26584709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   12493291014                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    175961487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   8832336643                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   8528127192                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    235484276                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    730977975                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40396                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40396                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136775                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              30047                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       106728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       231200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       231200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7338816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7338816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7497071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy          1043032876                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93018000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           179190812                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115581                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               11.295325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         9153631711000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.835501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     7.459825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.239719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.466239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.705958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1040757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1040757                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8912                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1960529318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1966236318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide  28841569746                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  28841569746                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1960529318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1966601318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1960529318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1966601318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 154243.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 220979.409152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220702.246941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 121666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 270234.331628                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 270234.331628                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 220979.409152                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220668.909111                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 220979.409152                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220668.909111                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        224453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.222625                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          106694                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               106694                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1499010380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1502793380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide  23291152308                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23291152308                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1499010380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503002380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1499010380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503002380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 102243.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 168959.691163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168682.610843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 69666.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69666.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 218229.071172                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218229.071172                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 168959.691163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168649.279623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 168959.691163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168649.279623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                  1916125                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64884.880884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    8755676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                  1978999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     4.424295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               3437261500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    8337.656958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    17.346754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    14.129416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      627.039592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3445.654069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 15412.309931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   351.392171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   435.207962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      621.389971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    11403.863316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 24218.890744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.127223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.009568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.052577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.235173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.006641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.009482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.174009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.369551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.990065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        38428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        24245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         2926                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         6291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        29058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        19923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.586365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003067                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.369949                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 93004482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                93004482                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             171973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             713080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1991967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         8819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             186687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             740221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2136612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                5970559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3063024                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              3063024                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data        47241                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data        45742                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        92983                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           33885                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           29324                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               63209                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data          7714                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data          7828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             15542                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            59021                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               119899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              171973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              773958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1991967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          8819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              186687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              799242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2136612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 6090458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             171973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             773958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1991967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         8819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             186687                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             799242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2136612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                6090458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           144091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       852232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            10632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           164104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total              1749536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data        29537                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data        18781                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        48318                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         37338                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         36221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             73559                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         9578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         9902                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          52901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          53544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             106445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            196992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       852232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             10632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            217648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1855981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           196992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       852232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            10632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           217648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1855981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    177025748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    119617998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1238513239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13834613079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 153097994602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    331865247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    326979750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1012532239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14885938635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  79345151118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   264370231655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10044630                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10457617                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total     20502247                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175354905                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    165935687                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    341290592                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48698982                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     55173706                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    103872688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4424762459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4377056558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8801819017                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    177025748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    119617998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1238513239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18259375538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 153097994602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    331865247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    326979750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1012532239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19262995193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  79345151118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total    273172050672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    177025748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    119617998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1238513239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18259375538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 153097994602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    331865247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    326979750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1012532239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19262995193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  79345151118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total   273172050672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         184576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         857171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2844199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         9690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         197319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         904325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2691524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            7720095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3063024                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          3063024                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data        76778                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data        64523                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       141301                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        71223                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        65545                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136768                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        17730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         35022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       113779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       112565                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           226344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          184576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          970950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2844199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         9690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          197319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         1016890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2691524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             7946439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         184576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         970950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2844199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         9690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         197319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        1016890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2691524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            7946439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.068281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.168101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.053882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.181466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.226621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.384707                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.291075                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.341951                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.552613                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.537838                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.553898                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.558488                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.556222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.475672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.470280                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.068281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.202886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.053882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.214033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.233561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.068281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.202886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.053882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.214033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.233561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 92057.071243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 91801.993860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98271.303579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96013.027038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 179643.564900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84876.022251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 85462.558808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95234.409236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90710.394841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 142986.908047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151108.769214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   340.069404                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   556.818966                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total   424.319032                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4696.419332                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4581.201154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4639.685042                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5084.462518                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5571.975964                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5332.273511                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83642.321676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81746.910167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82688.891136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 92057.071243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 91801.993860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98271.303579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92690.949572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 179643.564900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84876.022251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 85462.558808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95234.409236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88505.270864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 142986.908047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147184.723697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 92057.071243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 91801.993860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98271.303579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92690.949572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 179643.564900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84876.022251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 85462.558808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95234.409236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88505.270864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 142986.908047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147184.723697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             89319                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24.935511                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks             1337500                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                  1337500                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       144061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       851985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       164073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1748882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29537                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18781                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        48318                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37338                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        36221                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        73559                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9902                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        52901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        53544                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        106445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       851985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        10609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       217617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total          1855327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       851985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         3826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        10609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       217617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       554607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total         1855327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    153132498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    103417998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1081620491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12045512933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 142769903404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    283035747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    279220250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    879069489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12846931385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  72582930119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 243024774314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    796481871                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    524588616                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321070487                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    384680247                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    371145409                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755825656                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98663909                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    101839213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200503122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3765456447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3710047854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7475504301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    153132498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    103417998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1081620491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15810969380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 142769903404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    283035747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    279220250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    879069489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16556979239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  72582930119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 250500278615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    153132498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    103417998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1081620491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15810969380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 142769903404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    283035747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    279220250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    879069489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16556979239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  72582930119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 250500278615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1103207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4751952495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4753250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    613999250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6473911995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4501573998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    766793502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5268367500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1103207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9253526493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4753250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1380792752                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11742279495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.168066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.053766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.384707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.291075                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.552613                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537838                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.553898                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.558488                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556222                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.475672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.202855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.053766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.214002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.233479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.175477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.171245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.202855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.299552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.307173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.394840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.053766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.214002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.206057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79673.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79369.146585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85938.383204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83613.975559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 167573.259393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72387.659079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 72979.678515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82860.730418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78300.094379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 130872.726307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138960.075245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26965.564241                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27931.878814                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.166584                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10302.647357                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10246.691394                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10275.094224                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10301.097202                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10284.711472                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10292.768070                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71179.305627                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69289.702936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70228.797041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79673.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79369.146585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85938.383204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80274.212183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 167573.259393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72387.659079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 72979.678515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82860.730418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76083.115009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 130872.726307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135016.780662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79673.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79369.146585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85938.383204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80274.212183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 167573.259393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72387.659079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 72979.678515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82860.730418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76083.115009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 130872.726307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135016.780662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1817706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1817706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              38526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             38526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1444194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       154200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       154200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           434662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         279066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           97607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            117028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           102726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6008493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6157429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       336112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       336112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6493541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        51592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    207457224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    207665557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     14110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     14110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               221775765                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           633029                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4186947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4186947    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4186947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            98514469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               45500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21244987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         16738053981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        17312327015                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          187280188                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             163                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              163                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           13                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8653355                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8646086                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             38526                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            38526                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3063024                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       248029                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       141301                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          493306                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        294608                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         787914                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           273153                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          273153                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     10956928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     10351144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              21308072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    369780529                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    344544100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              714324629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                         1644746                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         12968411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.008917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.094008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               12852771     99.11%     99.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 115640      0.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           12968411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        19352517195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          7381500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       20456793572                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20083133002                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   13518                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    5604                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
