
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.108945                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1108944740000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1108944740000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 239014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   257501                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              171603826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 253696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6462.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1544563087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1664032480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         131625408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131625408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        50368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     66989632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          66989632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            2056647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               2056647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1046713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1046713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            118694289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               118694289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           45420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              45420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          60408449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               60408449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          60408449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           118694289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              179102739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       2056647                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1046713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     2056647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1046713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                131542016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     83392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  66988032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131625408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               66989632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              128036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              125234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              122300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              124230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              123415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              123345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              123964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              124409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              131872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              134140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             132473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             133756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             133901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             134102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             129958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             130209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               65849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               64131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               62381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               62840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               62871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               62990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               64312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               65310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               67027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               67624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              67292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              67645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              67063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              67560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              66200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              65593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1108944651500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 2056647                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1046713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1923205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    132121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    31987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    33324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    57104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    60908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    61344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    61572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    61490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    61531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    61499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    61550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    61578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    61602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    62038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    62277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    61631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    62828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    61322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    61027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1918209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      103.496643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean      81.775288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     125.095886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127        1492147     77.79%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       306422     15.97%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52965      2.76%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21185      1.10%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13242      0.69%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7471      0.39%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5204      0.27%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3914      0.20%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15659      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1918209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         61025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        33.632724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      160.189303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          60982     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           18      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           61025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         61025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.151790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.116821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        1.097688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              27581     45.20%     45.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17               1180      1.93%     47.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18              28172     46.16%     93.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               3706      6.07%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                317      0.52%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 54      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  9      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           61025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    38537340500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               77075040500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  10276720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18749.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  37499.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         118.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          60.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      118.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       60.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     777039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    406774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   37.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  38.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       357336.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      38.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     313164826000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       37029980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      758746776000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                7075638360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                7426006560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                3860715375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                4051888500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               7760165400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               8271151200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              3309232320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              3473305920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           72430640880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           72430640880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          416866648005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          425333204280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          299692308000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          292265504250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            810995348340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            813251701590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             731.323936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             733.358627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               240152510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         186756179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          14598640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            131763268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               122287171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             92.808241                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15660181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   46                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2217889480                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1544563087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1664032480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      40077128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.435933                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.696411                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1838736315                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       379153165                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9224311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4085.608602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           624084220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9228407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             67.626430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        9776044000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4085.608602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1276551305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1276551305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    453737568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       453737568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst    170346530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      170346530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     624084098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        624084098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    624084098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       624084098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      7337712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7337712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst      2239517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2239517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      9577229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9577229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      9577229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9577229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 183598363496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 183598363496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101566510500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 101566510500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 285164873996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 285164873996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 285164873996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 285164873996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    461075280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    461075280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    633661327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    633661327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    633661327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    633661327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25021.200545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25021.200545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45351.971206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45351.971206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29775.300768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29775.300768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29775.300768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29775.300768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3700618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3700618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       348609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       348609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       348822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       348822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       348822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       348822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7337499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7337499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1890908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1890908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9228407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9228407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9228407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9228407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 168505826254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168505826254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  77457723500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77457723500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 245963549754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 245963549754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 245963549754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 245963549754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22965.022040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22965.022040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40963.242791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40963.242791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26652.871915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26652.871915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26652.871915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26652.871915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                29                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           661.026879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           466133968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          568456.058537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   661.026879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.322767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.322767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.386230                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         932270396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        932270396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    466133968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       466133968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     466133968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        466133968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    466133968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       466133968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58416499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58416499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58416499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58416499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58416499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58416499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    466134788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    466134788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    466134788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    466134788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    466134788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    466134788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71239.632927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71239.632927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71239.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71239.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71239.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71239.632927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56453501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56453501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56453501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56453501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56453501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56453501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68845.732927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68845.732927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68845.732927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68845.732927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68845.732927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68845.732927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          2023942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        31254.337993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8984488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          2053718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.374743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      59502848750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 14996.949277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 16257.388715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908691                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        107383386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       107383386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6081991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6081991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3700618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3700618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst      1090584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1090584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      7172575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7172575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7172575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7172575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1256328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1256328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       800324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       800324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2056652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       2056652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2056652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      2056652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100398878250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100398878250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  64605165750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  64605165750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 165004044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 165004044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 165004044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 165004044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7338319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7338319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3700618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3700618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1890908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1890908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9229227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9229227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9229227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9229227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.171201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.423249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.423249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79914.543216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79914.543216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80723.764063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80723.764063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80229.442803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80229.442803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80229.442803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80229.442803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1046713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1046713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1256323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1256323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       800324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       800324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2056647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2056647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2056647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2056647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  84521118250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84521118250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54527231750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54527231750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 139048350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 139048350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 139048350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 139048350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.171200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.423249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67276.582734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67276.582734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68131.446452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68131.446452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67609.244562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67609.244562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67609.244562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67609.244562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7338319                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7338319                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3700618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1890908                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1890908                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     22157432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          22159072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        52480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    827457600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          827510080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     12929845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           12929845    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       12929845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10165540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1391499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   14187091746                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1256323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1256323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1046713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            800324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           800324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5160007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5160007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    198615040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               198615040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3103360                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3103360    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3103360                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         12130659500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        19439818500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
