
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.804327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2804326619500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2804326619500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119116                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144575                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2855979889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 563896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   981.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   116961561                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     141959724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst          228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           740544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5179680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           636864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4641732                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11208612                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       740544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       636864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1377408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6113984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8449844                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             81451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              9951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             72528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                175654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           95531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               136136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          1552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              264072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1847032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          1575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              227101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1655204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3996900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         264072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         227101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             491172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2180197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          826700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3013145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2180197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          827042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         1552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             264072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1853278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         1575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             227101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1655207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7010045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        175655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       136136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      175655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     136136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11233984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   8463616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11208676                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                8449844                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4658                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               11142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               11393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               9773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              11414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                8440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                8542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2804326433500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     541                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  175100                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 131755                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    104424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     61078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      8506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      303.665033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     178.572173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     327.227913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          24436     37.67%     37.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15780     24.33%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6593     10.16%     72.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3751      5.78%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2794      4.31%     82.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1520      2.34%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1090      1.68%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1132      1.75%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7770     11.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        26.205584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      477.627003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6695     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.743804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.225845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       11.527754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                13      0.19%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 9      0.13%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                4      0.06%      0.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               9      0.13%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5778     86.26%     86.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             106      1.58%     88.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              43      0.64%     89.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             223      3.33%     92.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             204      3.05%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              17      0.25%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              22      0.33%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              15      0.22%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              32      0.48%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              10      0.15%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               8      0.12%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               5      0.07%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             143      2.13%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               6      0.09%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               3      0.04%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               6      0.09%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              10      0.15%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               5      0.07%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             4      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.01%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             3      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             3      0.04%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             8      0.12%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             2      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2733630250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                6024836500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    877655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15573.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34323.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     145110                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     97798                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8994250.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2678438745750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       93642380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       32245482750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 259141680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 231245280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 141396750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 126175500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                715486200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                653647800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               447269040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               409672080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          183164495280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          183164495280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           77839312860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           76923425745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1614311544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1615114953750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1876878645810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1876623615435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.281339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.190397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               68041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              68040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             95531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           138441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       464888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       572528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 645240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17339160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     17503137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19822433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            311110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  311110    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              311110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            81518499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               15812                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1693000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1434327498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1730433594                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38513958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104268                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65131.307742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3106944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   169509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    18.329080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   48616.163532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    48.311212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5571.967356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2874.440506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    44.347195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4984.192297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2991.885408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.741824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.085021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.076053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.045653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.993825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000961                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994537                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 29221748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                29221748                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        36519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         8855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             959908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             271615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        36602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             964068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             269451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2554442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          703423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               703423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  96                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            77798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            78748                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               156546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         36519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          8855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              959908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              349413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         36602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              964068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              348199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2710988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        36519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         8855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             959908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             349413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        36602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             964068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             348199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2710988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            10928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             9955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             7971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                36143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1299                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2742                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74760                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          65571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             10928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             81911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              9955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             73542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                176474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            10928                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            81911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             9955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            73542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               176474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5396500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    829990750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    573729742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    749581500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    653390493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2817541485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       304487                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       465980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       770467                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       116995                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       162993                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       279988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5741255809                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5109104302                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10850360111                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5396500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    829990750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6314985551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    749581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5762494795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     13667901596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5396500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    829990750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6314985551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    749581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5762494795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    13667901596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         970836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         278766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         974023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         277422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2590585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       703423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           703423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1336                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2838                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       152558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       144319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          970836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          431324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          974023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          421741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2887462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         970836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         431324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         974023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         421741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2887462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.025652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.028732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972305                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.960719                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.966173                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275862                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.360000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.329114                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490043                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.454348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.472691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.189906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.174377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.061117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.189906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.174377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.061117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79360.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75950.837299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80230.700881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77942.028986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75296.986439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81970.956342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77955.385137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   234.401078                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   322.924463                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   280.987236                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14624.375000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9055.166667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10768.769231                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76795.824090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77917.132604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77319.766203                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79360.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75950.837299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77095.695950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77942.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75296.986439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78356.514577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77449.945012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79360.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75950.837299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77095.695950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77942.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75296.986439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78356.514577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77449.945012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1299                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1443                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2742                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74760                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        73476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           176324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        73476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          176324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      4553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    692294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    481153492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    624075250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    550752493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2357413735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12992798                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14497943                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27490741                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        80008                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       180018                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       260026                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4808098691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4293415698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9101514389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      4553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    692294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5289252183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    624075250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4844168191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11458928124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      4553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    692294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5289252183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    624075250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4844168191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11458928124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     35706500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2951899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2427344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5414949500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2228650000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1873529499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4102179499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     35706500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5180549000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4300873499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9517128999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972305                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.960719                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966173                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275862                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.360000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329114                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.454348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.061065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66955.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63391.081403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67978.735801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65550.724638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62714.827656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69671.409614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65496.450282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10002.153965                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10047.084546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10025.799052                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64313.786664                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65477.355813                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64857.475462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63391.081403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64630.760564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65550.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62714.827656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65928.577917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64987.909326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63391.081403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64630.760564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65550.724638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62714.827656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65928.577917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64987.909326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2655325                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2655239                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           703423                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36238                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2838                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            79                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2917                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           296877                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296877                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3891298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2533043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        42437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       169072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6635850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124513216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     99808865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        65120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       293032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              224680233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           69343                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3662983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.009961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.099307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3626496     99.00%     99.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36487      1.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3662983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4670881246                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        8762800197                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3909656420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          26229350                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          96621860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59030                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326627644                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36841042                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               27349422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         14250256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           549515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            17066610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               12886962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            75.509794                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                6758521                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             30298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14278108                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     49273                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   10337716                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     7471                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     473                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3414                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      948                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1297                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      559                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14327381                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               10345187                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         24615824                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          56744                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     24672568                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    20514368                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      8789                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     473                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2304                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1449                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                20523157                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         20514368                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           8789                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     20523157                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       107867607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          40554205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     105662539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27349422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          19645483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     61985766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3245353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    132544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       622961                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       144030                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          269                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 20513111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               376873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3476                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         105069976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.208080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.305286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                75961238     72.30%     72.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 3886755      3.70%     76.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2398368      2.28%     78.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 8188948      7.79%     86.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1668369      1.59%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1057044      1.01%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 6240721      5.94%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1068642      1.02%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4599891      4.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           105069976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.253546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.979558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                28001193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             58307153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15793340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1494905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1473111                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1905219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred               151604                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              87425197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               489487                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1473111                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                28862922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7852670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      44540857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 16413726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              5926414                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              83594857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1233256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                243031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3726809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           86235184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            384969647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        93192750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5702                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             72438827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13796341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1547496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1453336                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8912532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            15029778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           11466004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1956224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         2714292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  80433839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1054374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 77107853                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            91926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10053145                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24795847                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        115089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    105069976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.733871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.427930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           74334112     70.75%     70.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10187384      9.70%     80.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7871575      7.49%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6574512      6.26%     94.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2321319      2.21%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1487177      1.42%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1563743      1.49%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             491068      0.47%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             239086      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      105069976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 112390      9.87%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      9.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                534190     46.93%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               491756     43.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2199      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             51438430     66.71%     66.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               57761      0.07%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  1      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          4468      0.01%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            14680887     19.04%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           10924099     14.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              77107853                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.714838                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1138339                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.014763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         260503389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         91586031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74660496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12558                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6677                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5497                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              78237256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6737                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          345558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2209259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2417                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        52309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1126312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       207644                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       205299                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1473111                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                5378277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2195764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           81614966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           130944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             15029778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            11466004                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            550994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 44204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2139047                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         52309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        254090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       219689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              473779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             76503781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             14445333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           547436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       126753                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    25264055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                14430009                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  10818722                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.709238                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      75844960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     74665993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 39001048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 67639279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.692200                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11323076                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         939285                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           399913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102514186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.684864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.574695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     75189561     73.35%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12242134     11.94%     85.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6265138      6.11%     91.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2642512      2.58%     93.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1297372      1.27%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       836423      0.82%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1889134      1.84%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       413413      0.40%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1738499      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102514186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            57883100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              70208236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      23160211                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     12820519                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     372556                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  13646736                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5463                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61470931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             2656843                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46987548     66.93%     66.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56009      0.08%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         4468      0.01%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       12820519     18.26%     85.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      10339692     14.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         70208236                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1738499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   169645518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  165622521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         399235                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        2797631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2442097834                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   57811199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     70136335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.865860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.865860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.535946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.535946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                83226933                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               47573974                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    16207                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13000                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                270444340                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                28203341                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              191459430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                720407                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1944509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.580286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           39079293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1945021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.091965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9481344250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   277.092053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   234.488233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.541195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.457985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         43109447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        43109447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     19472177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19607116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       39079293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     19472177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19607116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        39079293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     19472177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19607116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       39079293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1040272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      1044765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2085037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1040272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      1044765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2085037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1040272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      1044765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2085037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14234369484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14196293397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28430662881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14234369484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14196293397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  28430662881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14234369484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14196293397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  28430662881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     20512449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     20651881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41164330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     20512449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     20651881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     41164330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     20512449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     20651881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     41164330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.315021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13588.025438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13635.567561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.315021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13588.025438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13635.567561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.315021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13588.025438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13635.567561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8976                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.844930                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       970931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1945118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       970931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1945118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       970931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1945118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11624310724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11588912543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213223267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11624310724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11588912543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213223267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11624310724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11588912543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213223267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     49455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     49455500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49455500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.334516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.983567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.095138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.334516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.983567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.095138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.334516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.983567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.095138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           852532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.984435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           42510984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           853044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.834456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         91705250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   328.580964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   183.403471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.641760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.358210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        189858417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       189858417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     12600621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     12736293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       25336914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7729736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      8172690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15902426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       180938                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       181427                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       362365                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       207885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       238844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       446729                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       213819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       245596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       459415                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     20330357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     20908983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        41239340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     20511295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     21090410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       41601705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       423569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       406804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       830373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1914715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1788827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3703542                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        96924                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        84951                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       181875                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13440                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        14180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        27620                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2338284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2195631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4533915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2435208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2280582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4715790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7009049435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6678797631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13687847066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  84691128349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74764779722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 159455908071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183084493                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    209418995                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    392503488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       480508                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       880018                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1360526                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  91700177784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  81443577353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 173143755137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  91700177784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  81443577353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 173143755137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13024190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     13143097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26167287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9644451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9961517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19605968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       277862                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       266378                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       544240                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       253024                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       474349                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       213848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       245646                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       459494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     22668641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     23104614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     45773255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     22946503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     23370992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46317495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179574                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348821                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.318911                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.334182                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056042                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000204                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.103151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16547.597759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16417.728515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16483.974149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44231.715085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41795.422208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43054.974959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13622.358110                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14768.617419                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14210.843157                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16569.241379                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17600.360000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17221.848101                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39216.869202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37093.472151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38188.575467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37655.993978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35711.751366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36715.747550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1113759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       155988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            70298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets           2399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.843395                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    65.022093                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       703423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           703423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       192913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       404912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1760835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1643027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3403862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9519                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         8988                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        18507                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1972834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1835940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3808774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1972834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1835940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3808774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       211570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       213891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       145800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       299680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63289                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58360                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       121649                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3921                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5192                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9113                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       365450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       359691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       428739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       418051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       846790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2855948132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2928153928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5784102060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6788973337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6163703908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12952677245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    974890008                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    904686758                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1879576766                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46893501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     79693003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126586504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       422492                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       779982                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202474                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9644921469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9091857836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18736779305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10619811477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9996544594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20616356071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3173945001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2610547002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5784492003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2430732877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2005306500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4436039377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5604677878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4615853502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10220531380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227771                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.219087                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223521                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017716                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020520                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019212                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13498.833162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13689.935191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13594.905432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44118.620594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42275.061097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43221.693957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15403.782774                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15501.829301                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15450.819703                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11959.576894                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15349.191641                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13890.760891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14568.689655                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15599.640000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15221.189873                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26391.904416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25276.856624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25838.808321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24769.875092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23912.260930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24346.480321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups               27353552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         14236577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           553412                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            17312116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               12843593                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            74.188464                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                6764103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    14379922                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     49648                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   10687800                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9435                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     444                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    3505                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      765                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1285                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      532                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                14429570                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               10697235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         25067722                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          59083                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     25126805                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    20653653                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      7569                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     444                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2278                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1323                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                20661222                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         20653653                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           7569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     20661222                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       107242523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          40712684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     106782026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   27353552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          19607696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     61803081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3231443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                    109598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       249521                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       135474                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          174                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 20651884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               381778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3230                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         104630887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.228118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.325936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                75276432     71.94%     71.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 3916697      3.74%     75.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 2503204      2.39%     78.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 8106458      7.75%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1592842      1.52%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1179592      1.13%     88.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 6154126      5.88%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1149786      1.10%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4751750      4.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           104630887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.255063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.995706                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                27864157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             57830739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 15747454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              1722658                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1465635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1976909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               152146                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              89229365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               493204                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1465635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                28812184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                6716141                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      45339545                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 16513270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              5783839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              85351560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               1570337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                239520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents               3169707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           88205068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            393510505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        95333289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             6152                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             74299663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13905405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts           1590806                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1489461                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 10064978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            15196570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           11856807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2179914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         2787279                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  82067057                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1161463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 78685046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            94868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10122036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25487135                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        106552                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    104630887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.752025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.430826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           72948465     69.72%     69.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10708543     10.23%     79.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            8057357      7.70%     87.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6681907      6.39%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2500436      2.39%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1544614      1.48%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1464658      1.40%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             495950      0.47%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             228957      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      104630887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 103296      8.95%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     5      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      8.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                535211     46.35%     55.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               516097     44.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             52538123     66.77%     66.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               58820      0.07%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              1      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          4114      0.01%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            4      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            14784683     18.79%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           11299162     14.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              78685046                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.733711                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1154609                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.014674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         263236691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         93395575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76291766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              13765                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              7276                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6039                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              79832108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7409                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          367192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2204039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2671                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        53511                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1150974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       193750                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       155367                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1465635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                4317272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2160865                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           83369977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           136369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             15196570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            11856807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            585220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 46964                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2101356                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         53511                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        256264                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       221755                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              478019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             78073190                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             14542904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           552934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       141457                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    25733696                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                14521478                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  11190792                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.728006                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      77444186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     76297805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 39935797                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 69997959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.711451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.570528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11451015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        1054911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           403289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102066180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.704508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.588054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     73979517     72.48%     72.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12597540     12.34%     84.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6450417      6.32%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2677104      2.62%     93.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1410201      1.38%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931945      0.91%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1826334      1.79%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       426802      0.42%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1766320      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102066180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            59233366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              71906393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      23698364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     12992531                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     441834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  13745002                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5965                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 63017798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls             2684230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48146836     66.96%     66.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          57080      0.08%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         4113      0.01%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       12992531     18.07%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      10705833     14.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         71906393                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1766320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   171177235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  169283950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         392418                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        2611636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2951410112                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   59150362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     71823389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.813049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.813049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.551557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.551557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                84951910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               48574213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    16611                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   13102                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                275725718                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                28996859                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              192674093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                799402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.982061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                     16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         234012764000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.982061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.061379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.061379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328305                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide            8                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              249                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     29662377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29662377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     29662377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     29662377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     29662377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     29662377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36232                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36232                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000221                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119126.012048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119126.012048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119126.012048                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119126.012048                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119126.012048                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119126.012048                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16713377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16713377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2228741309                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2228741309                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16713377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16713377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16713377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16713377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67121.995984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67121.995984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67121.995984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67121.995984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67121.995984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67121.995984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3039                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
