
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 51.821204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                51821203872000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51821203872000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 797175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   936716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            46008450754                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 656028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1126.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   897890420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1055061464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       274944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       280896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           5219828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          52654408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        402752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             58832828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5219828                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         5219828                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     79485888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data          20580                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          79506468                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             121967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             822738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           6293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                959683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1241967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data              2573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1244540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker           5306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker           5420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               100728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1016078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             7772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1135304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          100728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             100728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1533849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data                 397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1534246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1533849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker          5306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          5420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              100728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1016476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide            7772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2669550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        959683                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1860672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      959683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1860672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 61376064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     43648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 118595648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  58832828                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              118938916                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    7593                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          36288                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               56975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               58359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               58716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               57264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               61545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               66145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               57228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               52937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               52189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               99547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              57680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              61393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              54506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              60286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              51564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              52667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              114739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              115397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              117633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              119136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              120318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              121968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              116613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              113695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              109286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              116370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             115629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             118249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             111968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             117797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             110347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             113912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    51821201316000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                   43101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  916567                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1858099                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    925038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     28111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    58079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    70983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                   101652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                   104342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   108305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   122410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   126456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   111805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   113098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   110863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   108761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   105735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   102887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   101533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    96838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    95973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    95806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    94380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     3424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     2906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     2427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     2200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     1660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       617611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      291.399266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     166.446996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     330.841680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         256797     41.58%     41.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       151085     24.46%     66.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51876      8.40%     74.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        29038      4.70%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19766      3.20%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13229      2.14%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10059      1.63%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9064      1.47%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        76697     12.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         617611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         92036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        10.419705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      106.178395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          92034    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           92036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         92036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.134045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.130429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       10.695121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23           84651     91.98%     91.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31            3801      4.13%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39            1276      1.39%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47             446      0.48%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55             607      0.66%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63             136      0.15%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71             198      0.22%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79             105      0.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87             166      0.18%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95              53      0.06%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            197      0.21%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            35      0.04%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            54      0.06%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            56      0.06%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135           137      0.15%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            24      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            33      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             9      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            16      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             5      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             6      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             4      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             8      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-255             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           92036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    12714966775                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               30696235525                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   4795005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13258.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32008.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     722338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1472108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   75.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     18373999.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49686658091000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1730423760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      404121645500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                2414648880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                2254490280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                1317516750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1230128625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               3659518200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               3820650600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              6087953520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              5919855840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3384708874560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3384708874560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1312804436175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1305168623550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          29941137312000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          29947835393250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            34652130260085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            34650938016705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.686370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.663363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           96                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           132                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           96                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           96                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.data             1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1666                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6826496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1669                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    168646043                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     158497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   153371607                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     56347                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                           10                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               43049                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    1067                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                    74830                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                   7977                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                     19966                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                168804540                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               153427954                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                         322017650                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                          214844                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                     322232494                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    898442559                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                     123457                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                           10                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               43049                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    1067                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                    53017                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                898566016                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                         898442559                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                          123457                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                     898566016                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                     103642407744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   897890420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1055061464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             968615704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 900077                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    53165114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    137212632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    968615704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        900077                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1413530400                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          768471074                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1450010                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              764580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            236283447                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           235682818                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     322001322                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   168639088                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  153362234                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               100472196154.122070                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               3170211589.877939                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.030588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.969412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         200577010                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 731218910     69.27%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                  2226806      0.21%     69.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     99223      0.01%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   8      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  13      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             110423      0.01%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                168639088     15.97%     85.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               153362234     14.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1055656727                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    16365                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10282368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.969706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           311548704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10282880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.297806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3093156250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.969706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1298012717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1298012717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157556193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157556193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    145511723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      145511723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data       396994                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        396994                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       336687                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       336687                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data      3698345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3698345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data      4003149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      4003149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     303067916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        303067916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    303464910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       303464910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      5344087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5344087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2236666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2236666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data      1310162                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1310162                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data       306495                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       306495                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      7580753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7580753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8890915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8890915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  83712196260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83712196260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  64378240535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  64378240535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  27514486506                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  27514486506                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4474608500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4474608500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       251501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       251501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 148090436795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148090436795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 148090436795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148090436795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    162900280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    162900280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    147748389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    147748389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data      1707156                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1707156                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      1568634                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1568634                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4004840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4004840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data      4003153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4003153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    310648669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    310648669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    312355825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    312355825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.767453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.767453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.785363                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.785363                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076531                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076531                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15664.452368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15664.452368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28783.126553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28783.126553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22334.147902                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22334.147902                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14599.287101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14599.287101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62875.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62875.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19535.056319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19535.056319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16656.377526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16656.377526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7918344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7918344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        21104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        21104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        70788                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        70788                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        28302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        28302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      5336889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5336889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2215562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2215562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1308413                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total      1308413                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       235707                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       235707                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7552451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7552451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8860864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8860864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  72465482990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72465482990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59129774715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59129774715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19473134500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19473134500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25050592494                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25050592494                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2902318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2902318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       243499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       243499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 131595257705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 131595257705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 151068392205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 151068392205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5727938750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5727938750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5573388000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5573388000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  11301326750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11301326750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.766428                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766428                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.785363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058856                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058856                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13578.225627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13578.225627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26688.386385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26688.386385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14883.018206                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14883.018206                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20334.147893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20334.147893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12313.246955                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12313.246955                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60874.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60874.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17424.178946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17424.178946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17048.946040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17048.946040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          13856298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.892935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           884585744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          13856810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             63.837618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       31832974250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.892935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         912299374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        912299374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    884585744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       884585744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     884585744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        884585744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    884585744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       884585744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      13856815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       13856815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      13856815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 185267091485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 185267091485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 185267091485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 185267091485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 185267091485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 185267091485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    898442559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    898442559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    898442559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    898442559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    898442559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    898442559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13370.106441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.106441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13370.106441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.106441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13370.106441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.106441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13856815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13856815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13856815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157525292015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 157525292015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157525292015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157525292015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157525292015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157525292015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   2831639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2831639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   2831639000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2831639000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11368.073545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11368.073545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11368.073545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11368.073545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11368.073545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11368.073545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1326931                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65218.833700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs           27835482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1389841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            20.027818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6373825000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 38602.265871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker   305.289253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker   445.157205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  6377.971996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 19488.149376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.589024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.004658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.006793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.097320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.297366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        62664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003754                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956177                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        266276553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       266276553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       378716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker       250963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     13777936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6592157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       20999772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      7918344                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      7918344                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       722474                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       722474                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         9882                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         9882                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1634882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1634882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       378716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker       250963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     13777936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      8227039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total        22634654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       378716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker       250963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     13777936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      8227039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total       22634654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       288852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       376416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       509473                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       509473                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data        35727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        35727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       535071                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       535071                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       823923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        911487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       823923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       911487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    336423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    345754750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5888588734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22037305240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28608072224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       117495                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total       117495                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    416260719                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    416260719                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       239499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       239499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39649987439                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  39649987439                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    336423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    345754750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5888588734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  61687292679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  68258059663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    336423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    345754750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5888588734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  61687292679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  68258059663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       383012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       255352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      6881009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21376188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7918344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      7918344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1231947                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data        45609                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        45609                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      2169953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2169953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       383012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       255352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9050962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     23546141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       383012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       255352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     13856815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9050962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     23546141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413551                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.413551                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.783332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.783332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.246582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 78310.870577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 78777.568922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74653.440510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76292.721671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76001.212021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data     0.230621                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total     0.230621                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11651.152322                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11651.152322                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59874.750000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59874.750000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74102.291918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74102.291918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 78310.870577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 78777.568922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74653.440510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74870.215638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74886.487315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 78310.870577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 78777.568922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74653.440510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74870.215638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74886.487315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1135338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1135338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       376416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       509473                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       509473                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        35727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       535071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       535071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       823923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       911487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         4296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        78879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       823923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       911487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    282739500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    290818750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4901275766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18418526760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23893360776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10988649006                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10988649006                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    357469724                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357469724                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       190001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       190001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32969610561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32969610561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    282739500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    290818750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4901275766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51388137321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56862971337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    282739500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    290818750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4901275766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51388137321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56862971337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   2248902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5287986500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7536889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5166017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5166017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   2248902500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  10454004000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12702906500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.783332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.011216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.017188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65814.594972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 66260.822511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62136.636697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63764.581031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63475.943573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21568.658213                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21568.658213                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10005.590282                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10005.590282                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47500.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47500.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61617.263057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61617.263057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65814.594972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 66260.822511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62136.636697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62370.072593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62384.840746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65814.594972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 66260.822511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62136.636697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62370.072593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62384.840746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       21819690                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      21811671                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         33872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        33872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      7918344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1338611                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1231947                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        45612                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45616                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      2169953                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2169953                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     27799880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     28711563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       624328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1010117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          58145888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    887008660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side   1165125804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2042816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3064096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         2057241376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      474114                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     33215302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        5.003479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.058876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           33099762     99.65%     99.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6             115540      0.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       33215302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    25772593750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy      1282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   20852498735                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   14430330552                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy     369475750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     627605250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              30069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       106664                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       231000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       231000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7334432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7334432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7492838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy          1042392405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           179042528                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115480                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               10.457351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         13153949219000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.511147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     6.946204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.219447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.434138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.653584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1039857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1039857                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8876                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1916450860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1921935860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide  28823836017                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  28823836017                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1916450860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1922274860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1916450860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1922274860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 148243.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 216891.224536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216604.965626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 270230.218415                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 270230.218415                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 216891.224536                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216569.948175                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 216891.224536                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216569.948175                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        223291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27458                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.132093                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          106629                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               106629                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456881862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460442862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide  23277254071                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23277254071                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456881862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460625862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456881862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460625862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 96243.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 164880.246944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164594.033810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 218229.712658                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218229.712658                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 164880.246944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164559.020054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 164880.246944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164559.020054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              462201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             462201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              33872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             33872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1241967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       616132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       616132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            36293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           36297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            534513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           534513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4139437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      4269627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       335126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       335126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4604753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    163718240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total    163888576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     14053504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     14053504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               177942080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2814199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2814199    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2814199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           106092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         17856822743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         9254301682                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          186599472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             149                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              149                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           13                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
