
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007450                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7449950                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7449950                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  57472                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 537872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   129.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39430656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39430656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14218432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14218432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       616104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              616104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       222163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             222163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   5292741025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            5292741025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   1908527171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1908527171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   7201268196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7201268196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      616105                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     222163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    616105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   222163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38949632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  481088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                14133568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39430720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14218432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             75571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             75989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       7449899                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                616105                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               222163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   30549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   21192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   21113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   21031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   21028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   20998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   21010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   21064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   21087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  21110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  21124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  21122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  21081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  21079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  20997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  20881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  21404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  23415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  20541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  20538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  20723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  21180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  19536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  18735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                  17250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                  14907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                  11091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                   6921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                   2899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  45268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       217927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.578079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.332515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.225070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27531     12.63%     12.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89928     41.27%     53.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57630     26.44%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26331     12.08%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10616      4.87%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3910      1.79%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1341      0.62%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          442      0.20%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          198      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       217927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.632648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.604910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.181876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              22      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             23      0.17%      0.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           102      0.76%      1.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          4874     36.55%     37.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          1383     10.37%     48.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           197      1.48%     49.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           688      5.16%     54.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          5373     40.29%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           322      2.41%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            76      0.57%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           142      1.06%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           129      0.97%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.559463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.517273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.258100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10504     78.76%     78.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              437      3.28%     82.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1076      8.07%     90.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              871      6.53%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              245      1.84%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               96      0.72%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               44      0.33%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               27      0.20%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               16      0.12%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                6      0.04%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                4      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                4      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     70095683                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                81658855                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3042940                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       115.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  134.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      5228.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1897.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   5292.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1908.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        55.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    40.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   14.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      20.89                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   397267                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  214223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                96.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          8.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1646182440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                914545800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7588501440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2287554048                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            486183360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5073054948                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             16157400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18012179436                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2419.796272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           63                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        248560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       7195067                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            486183360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            160860384                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4325091600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4972135344                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7195116                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        248560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99288                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55258                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99200                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55136                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100001                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55818                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99361                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55505                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98943                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55417                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99536                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55539                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99984                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55224                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99513                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55026                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       627405                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998457                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997194                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125784                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          24      0.00%      0.02% |      627277     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        627405                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              627277                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1519.910775                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean           1025.504888                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev           1490.760460                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      473792     75.53%     75.53% |      110236     17.57%     93.11% |       31414      5.01%     98.11% |        9061      1.44%     99.56% |        2199      0.35%     99.91% |         446      0.07%     99.98% |         106      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                627277                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples              82                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  3                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total                82                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         627195                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1520.109097                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean      1026.287427                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1490.756998                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      473710     75.53%     75.53% |      110236     17.58%     93.10% |       31414      5.01%     98.11% |        9061      1.44%     99.56% |        2199      0.35%     99.91% |         446      0.07%     99.98% |         106      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           627195                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits            8                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           15                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           11                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78767                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           13                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            8                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            9                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            7                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           11                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         4554                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       622644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       627198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     5.796257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1638                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77458                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5576976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1255440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     5.779197                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78250                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1630                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77234                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156381                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78980                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5537664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5560848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1251048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       631840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     5.815458                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78767                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77430                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          527                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1612                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77722                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157422                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          265                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       116064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5595984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1259376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.790428                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1654                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77374                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79173                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5546232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5570928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1253760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     5.775314                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78231                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77171                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79018                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5529744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5556312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1250816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     5.792901                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77019                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1676                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2          575                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77379                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156873                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79285                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5545368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       120672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5571288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     5.781029                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76893                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77274                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5563728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1251584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     5.780938                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78287                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76900                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          606                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2          575                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77276                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       114264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5563872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1251888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    76.847324                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0       627199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1232207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4554                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1158                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       841050                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1253592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       444334                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1249358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5017592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88718904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       327888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10028736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3554672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9994864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    30.942966                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2       616104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       444342                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       616092                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44359488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15995736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3554736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4928736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    15.410163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0       627199                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1232206                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4554                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       841050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1253592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       444334                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1782                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1249358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5017592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88718832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       327888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       470808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10028736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3554672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9994864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3729932                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3696619                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        13662                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        19617                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         8820                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2523151                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5093806                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        19617                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         5339                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3748080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     29839456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    266156568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       983664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      1412424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        70560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    181666872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40750448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       156936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        42712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     29984640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     5.278881                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.313633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77458                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78466                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5576976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.260626                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5537664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     6.297767                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78250                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77234                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78980                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5560848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       631840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.295626                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77430                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          527                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78711                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          265                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     6.335291                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78767                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          265                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77722                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78711                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5595984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.271351                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78358                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5546232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     6.309505                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77374                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78362                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79173                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5570928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     5.259250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          367                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78175                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5529744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.291378                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78231                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77171                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78177                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79018                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5556312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     5.275452                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77019                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          853                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78436                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5545368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     6.310351                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77379                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78437                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79285                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5571288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     5.262659                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76893                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78222                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     6.299398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77274                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5563728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     5.262941                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76900                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          606                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          777                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78241                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     6.298935                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78287                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77276                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5563872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    88.754535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       627199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       616104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       618887                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626796                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       633265                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5017592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44359488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44559864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5066120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    64.940114                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       616103                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4554                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1158                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626796                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222171                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       616093                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44359416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       327888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15995736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4928744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    23.180256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222171                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       616092                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15995736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4928736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    38.705676                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       616104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222171                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44359488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     5.278881                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77115                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     5.260626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78189                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5537664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.295646                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77430                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.271351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77031                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5546232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     5.259250                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78175                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5529744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     5.275452                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77019                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          853                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5545368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     5.262659                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     5.262941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          606                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          777                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5536800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    88.754562                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::0       627199                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2       616104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       618887                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       633265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5017592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44359488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44559864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5066120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    23.180263                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       616105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       616093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15995736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1777368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4928744                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           403206                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1518.342445                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean        1023.329050                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev        1489.270801                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      304509     75.52%     75.52% |       71031     17.62%     93.14% |       20112      4.99%     98.13% |        5774      1.43%     99.56% |        1417      0.35%     99.91% |         283      0.07%     99.98% |          64      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             403206                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples           67                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          67    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total             67                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       403139                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1518.594289                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1024.321431                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1489.266409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      304442     75.52%     75.52% |       71031     17.62%     93.14% |       20112      4.99%     98.13% |        5774      1.43%     99.56% |        1417      0.35%     99.91% |         283      0.07%     99.98% |          64      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        403139                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           224071                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1522.732915                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean        1029.431875                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1493.436472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      169283     75.55%     75.55% |       39205     17.50%     93.05% |       11302      5.04%     98.09% |        3287      1.47%     99.56% |         782      0.35%     99.91% |         163      0.07%     99.98% |          42      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             224071                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples           15                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total             15                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224056                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1522.834657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1029.834307                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1493.434693                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      169268     75.55%     75.55% |       39205     17.50%     93.05% |       11302      5.04%     98.09% |        3287      1.47%     99.56% |         782      0.35%     99.91% |         163      0.07%     99.98% |          42      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224056                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          222195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          393916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX          222083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock       143328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock       250580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       222184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback       222163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       616104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       222163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX         80051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS        143331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack       221891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX        142138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS        250585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX        222083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock       143328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data       143331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack          114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock       250580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data       250584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       222184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data       222189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback       222075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50337     12.48%     12.48% |       50334     12.48%     24.96% |       50658     12.56%     37.52% |       50226     12.45%     49.98% |       50303     12.47%     62.45% |       50420     12.50%     74.95% |       50532     12.53%     87.48% |       50481     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       403291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       28208     12.59%     12.59% |       27932     12.46%     25.05% |       28122     12.55%     37.60% |       28217     12.59%     50.19% |       27953     12.47%     62.66% |       28062     12.52%     75.19% |       27780     12.40%     87.58% |       27829     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       224103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     9443995     12.50%     12.50% |     9453005     12.51%     25.00% |     9433466     12.48%     37.49% |     9447264     12.50%     49.99% |     9453992     12.51%     62.50% |     9447610     12.50%     75.00% |     9447185     12.50%     87.50% |     9448753     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     75575270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         172     13.43%     13.43% |         152     11.87%     25.29% |         173     13.51%     38.80% |         175     13.66%     52.46% |         143     11.16%     63.62% |         143     11.16%     74.79% |         173     13.51%     88.29% |         150     11.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         662     11.73%     11.73% |         742     13.15%     24.88% |         690     12.23%     37.10% |         726     12.86%     49.96% |         704     12.47%     62.44% |         735     13.02%     75.46% |         695     12.31%     87.77% |         690     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         227     12.74%     12.74% |         219     12.29%     25.03% |         265     14.87%     39.90% |         212     11.90%     51.80% |         217     12.18%     63.97% |         227     12.74%     76.71% |         205     11.50%     88.22% |         210     11.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         389     13.23%     13.23% |         360     12.24%     25.48% |         373     12.69%     38.16% |         359     12.21%     50.37% |         367     12.48%     62.86% |         348     11.84%     74.69% |         379     12.89%     87.59% |         365     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       50111     12.48%     12.48% |       50127     12.48%     24.96% |       50476     12.57%     37.53% |       49986     12.45%     49.98% |       50074     12.47%     62.45% |       50206     12.50%     74.96% |       50292     12.52%     87.48% |       50265     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       401537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       28409     12.59%     12.59% |       28119     12.46%     25.05% |       28290     12.54%     37.59% |       28420     12.59%     50.18% |       28155     12.48%     62.66% |       28261     12.52%     75.18% |       27986     12.40%     87.58% |       28018     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       225658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         641     12.65%     12.65% |         619     12.22%     24.87% |         587     11.58%     36.45% |         628     12.39%     48.85% |         671     13.24%     62.09% |         695     13.72%     75.80% |         609     12.02%     87.82% |         617     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         5067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       77592     12.52%     12.52% |       77349     12.48%     24.99% |       77854     12.56%     37.55% |       77513     12.50%     50.06% |       77289     12.47%     62.53% |       77502     12.50%     75.03% |       77405     12.49%     87.51% |       77395     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       619899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |         231     12.62%     12.62% |         221     12.08%     24.70% |         270     14.75%     39.45% |         217     11.86%     51.31% |         215     11.75%     63.06% |         239     13.06%     76.12% |         208     11.37%     87.49% |         229     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total         1830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       28205     12.59%     12.59% |       27927     12.46%     25.05% |       28121     12.55%     37.60% |       28205     12.59%     50.19% |       27950     12.47%     62.67% |       28061     12.52%     75.19% |       27773     12.40%     87.59% |       27814     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       224056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       28409     12.59%     12.59% |       28119     12.46%     25.05% |       28289     12.54%     37.59% |       28420     12.59%     50.18% |       28153     12.48%     62.66% |       28260     12.52%     75.18% |       27986     12.40%     87.58% |       28018     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       225654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       50316     12.48%     12.48% |       50322     12.48%     24.96% |       50646     12.56%     37.52% |       50205     12.45%     49.98% |       50279     12.47%     62.45% |       50408     12.50%     74.95% |       50508     12.53%     87.48% |       50472     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       403156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       28202     12.59%     12.59% |       27928     12.47%     25.05% |       28118     12.55%     37.60% |       28202     12.59%     50.19% |       27949     12.47%     62.67% |       28059     12.52%     75.19% |       27773     12.40%     87.59% |       27813     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       224044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          60     12.63%     12.63% |          69     14.53%     27.16% |          62     13.05%     40.21% |          57     12.00%     52.21% |          56     11.79%     64.00% |          50     10.53%     74.53% |          62     13.05%     87.58% |          59     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           3      9.68%      9.68% |           4     12.90%     22.58% |           3      9.68%     32.26% |           8     25.81%     58.06% |           3      9.68%     67.74% |           3      9.68%     77.42% |           3      9.68%     87.10% |           4     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           3     15.79%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           3     15.79%     73.68% |           2     10.53%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       50098     12.48%     12.48% |       50115     12.48%     24.96% |       50464     12.57%     37.53% |       49973     12.45%     49.98% |       50061     12.47%     62.45% |       50192     12.50%     74.95% |       50285     12.53%     87.48% |       50259     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       401447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |          39     10.92%     10.92% |          61     17.09%     28.01% |          35      9.80%     37.82% |          49     13.73%     51.54% |          47     13.17%     64.71% |          45     12.61%     77.31% |          46     12.89%     90.20% |          35      9.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           7     10.29%     10.29% |          12     17.65%     27.94% |           8     11.76%     39.71% |          10     14.71%     54.41% |          10     14.71%     69.12% |          11     16.18%     85.29% |           6      8.82%     94.12% |           4      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         202     12.69%     12.69% |         192     12.06%     24.75% |         165     10.36%     35.11% |         215     13.51%     48.62% |         204     12.81%     61.43% |         199     12.50%     73.93% |         211     13.25%     87.19% |         204     12.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         1592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         548     12.10%     12.10% |         971     21.44%     33.54% |         579     12.78%     46.32% |         280      6.18%     52.51% |         482     10.64%     63.15% |         351      7.75%     70.90% |         809     17.86%     88.76% |         509     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         4529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         204     12.73%     12.73% |         192     11.99%     24.72% |         169     10.55%     35.27% |         215     13.42%     48.69% |         205     12.80%     61.49% |         200     12.48%     73.97% |         213     13.30%     87.27% |         204     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         1602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           2     16.67%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       28154     12.59%     12.59% |       27870     12.46%     25.05% |       28065     12.55%     37.60% |       28158     12.59%     50.19% |       27902     12.48%     62.67% |       28022     12.53%     75.19% |       27717     12.39%     87.59% |       27759     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       223647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          15     10.49%     10.49% |          20     13.99%     24.48% |          17     11.89%     36.36% |          16     11.19%     47.55% |          14      9.79%     57.34% |          10      6.99%     64.34% |          25     17.48%     81.82% |          26     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          36     13.79%     13.79% |          37     14.18%     27.97% |          37     14.18%     42.15% |          31     11.88%     54.02% |          32     12.26%     66.28% |          28     10.73%     77.01% |          31     11.88%     88.89% |          29     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           2      8.33%      8.33% |           6     25.00%     33.33% |           4     16.67%     50.00% |           3     12.50%     62.50% |           4     16.67%     79.17% |           3     12.50%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           3     27.27%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      618517     12.51%     12.51% |      616680     12.47%     24.98% |      619593     12.53%     37.52% |      616079     12.46%     49.98% |      621287     12.57%     62.55% |      617144     12.48%     75.03% |      615748     12.45%     87.48% |      618786     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      4943834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          16     13.56%     13.56% |          17     14.41%     27.97% |          24     20.34%     48.31% |          20     16.95%     65.25% |          11      9.32%     74.58% |           8      6.78%     81.36% |          17     14.41%     95.76% |           5      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          26     10.20%     10.20% |          31     12.16%     22.35% |          32     12.55%     34.90% |          38     14.90%     49.80% |          31     12.16%     61.96% |          46     18.04%     80.00% |          26     10.20%     90.20% |          25      9.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       28205     12.59%     12.59% |       27927     12.46%     25.05% |       28120     12.55%     37.60% |       28205     12.59%     50.19% |       27948     12.47%     62.67% |       28060     12.52%     75.19% |       27773     12.40%     87.59% |       27814     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       224052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |     3149997     12.52%     12.52% |     3186048     12.66%     25.18% |     3123041     12.41%     37.60% |     3135752     12.46%     50.06% |     3137292     12.47%     62.53% |     3156543     12.55%     75.07% |     3113373     12.37%     87.45% |     3158021     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total     25160067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         153     13.21%     13.21% |         144     12.44%     25.65% |         157     13.56%     39.21% |         146     12.61%     51.81% |         136     11.74%     63.56% |         131     11.31%     74.87% |         149     12.87%     87.74% |         142     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       28200     12.59%     12.59% |       27927     12.47%     25.05% |       28118     12.55%     37.60% |       28202     12.59%     50.19% |       27947     12.47%     62.67% |       28059     12.52%     75.19% |       27772     12.40%     87.59% |       27812     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       224037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |         798     28.74%     28.74% |           0      0.00%     28.74% |         138      4.97%     33.71% |         597     21.50%     55.20% |         695     25.03%     80.23% |         276      9.94%     90.17% |         135      4.86%     95.03% |         138      4.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total         2777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           3     15.79%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           3     15.79%     73.68% |           2     10.53%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |       22088     12.82%     12.82% |       21719     12.61%     25.43% |       21701     12.60%     38.02% |       20594     11.95%     49.98% |       21388     12.41%     62.39% |       21743     12.62%     75.01% |       21703     12.60%     87.61% |       21346     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total       172282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         236     13.24%     13.24% |         216     12.12%     25.36% |         216     12.12%     37.49% |         213     11.95%     49.44% |         231     12.96%     62.40% |         217     12.18%     74.58% |         230     12.91%     87.49% |         223     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       28205     12.59%     12.59% |       27927     12.46%     25.05% |       28121     12.55%     37.60% |       28205     12.59%     50.19% |       27950     12.47%     62.67% |       28061     12.52%     75.19% |       27773     12.40%     87.59% |       27814     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       224056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |     5573533     12.48%     12.48% |     5549341     12.42%     24.90% |     5589654     12.51%     37.42% |     5595559     12.53%     49.95% |     5594624     12.53%     62.47% |     5573090     12.48%     74.95% |     5617140     12.58%     87.53% |     5571672     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total     44664613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       50111     12.48%     12.48% |       50127     12.48%     24.96% |       50476     12.57%     37.53% |       49986     12.45%     49.98% |       50074     12.47%     62.45% |       50206     12.50%     74.96% |       50292     12.52%     87.48% |       50265     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       401537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         204     12.73%     12.73% |         192     11.99%     24.72% |         169     10.55%     35.27% |         215     13.42%     48.69% |         205     12.80%     61.49% |         200     12.48%     73.97% |         213     13.30%     87.27% |         204     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         1602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.00%      4.00% |           9     18.00%     22.00% |          16     32.00%     54.00% |           3      6.00%     60.00% |          18     36.00%     96.00% |           2      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     78.57%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS |         359     12.43%     12.43% |         363     12.56%     24.99% |         353     12.22%     37.21% |         354     12.25%     49.46% |         367     12.70%     62.17% |         374     12.95%     75.11% |         351     12.15%     87.26% |         368     12.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS::total         2889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |         220     12.84%     12.84% |         207     12.08%     24.91% |         257     14.99%     39.91% |         202     11.79%     51.69% |         207     12.08%     63.77% |         216     12.60%     76.37% |         199     11.61%     87.98% |         206     12.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total         1714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         639     12.63%     12.63% |         618     12.22%     24.85% |         587     11.60%     36.45% |         627     12.39%     48.84% |         670     13.24%     62.09% |         694     13.72%     75.81% |         607     12.00%     87.80% |         617     12.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         5059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49238     12.48%     12.48% |       49289     12.49%     24.96% |       49620     12.57%     37.54% |       49140     12.45%     49.99% |       49183     12.46%     62.45% |       49282     12.49%     74.94% |       49477     12.54%     87.47% |       49432     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       394661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         201     10.79%     10.79% |         249     13.37%     24.17% |         227     12.19%     36.36% |         252     13.53%     49.89% |         225     12.08%     61.98% |         240     12.89%     74.87% |         235     12.62%     87.49% |         233     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack |          12      9.76%      9.76% |          15     12.20%     21.95% |          13     10.57%     32.52% |          16     13.01%     45.53% |           9      7.32%     52.85% |          24     19.51%     72.36% |          11      8.94%     81.30% |          23     18.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     77.78%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |         135     13.38%     13.38% |         115     11.40%     24.78% |         132     13.08%     37.86% |         138     13.68%     51.54% |         118     11.69%     63.23% |         123     12.19%     75.42% |         129     12.78%     88.21% |         119     11.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total         1009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |         201     10.82%     10.82% |         249     13.40%     24.22% |         223     12.00%     36.22% |         253     13.62%     49.84% |         224     12.06%     61.89% |         240     12.92%     74.81% |         235     12.65%     87.46% |         233     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total         1858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       28019     12.60%     12.60% |       27696     12.46%     25.06% |       27875     12.54%     37.59% |       27982     12.58%     50.18% |       27763     12.49%     62.66% |       27857     12.53%     75.19% |       27562     12.39%     87.58% |       27611     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       222365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |         134     13.25%     13.25% |         115     11.37%     24.63% |         132     13.06%     37.69% |         139     13.75%     51.43% |         118     11.67%     63.11% |         123     12.17%     75.27% |         131     12.96%     88.23% |         119     11.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |         219     12.83%     12.83% |         206     12.07%     24.90% |         257     15.06%     39.95% |         201     11.78%     51.73% |         206     12.07%     63.80% |         215     12.60%     76.39% |         197     11.54%     87.93% |         206     12.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total         1707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         503138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         276686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         258242      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       474368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          25708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        222189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            616104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       394660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       224227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       222163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         407610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       225655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       688531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       393916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       219009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       391425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3236      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         2126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       223374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS         1701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTX          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX         1734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS         2480      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       390802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only         1647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only         3252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          707      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       222083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETS           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETX           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTO           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTX         1699      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETX           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTX           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only         4363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L2_Replacement          141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETS           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETX          121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS        11842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3236      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS        15784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETX         9344      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       391424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETX           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock         3252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L2_Replacement        22439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETS           62      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETX           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock         1647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L2_Replacement         8842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS_only           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS           57      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L2_Replacement          111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS         6740      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX         3780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTX         1295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTS           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       222365      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock         1009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS          203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETX          132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS_only        28304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS          196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTO            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTS_only           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX        29762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTS          228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         1865      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         1417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTX           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS        48250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETX        25028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_PUTS         7780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        393915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       393909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETS        21787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETX        10598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        220400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETS          223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETX          169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS_only        28869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS          213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETS         5607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETX         2837      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTX           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS_only        16064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS          153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       222189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       222185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock          707      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTS           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock         2480      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement        28825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         1341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L2_Replacement        12721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L2_Replacement           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L2_Replacement           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS          802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX          291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       222075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS_only          217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           88      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
