
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   107700000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  107700000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 155633                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   155632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               16853882                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 312924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      994522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        994522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           213927577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           100427112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            48727948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11884865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             3565460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7725162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1188487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7725162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395171773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      213927577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       48727948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        3565460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1188487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          267409471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          213927577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          100427112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           48727948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11884865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            3565460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7725162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1188487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7725162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              395171773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           666                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         666                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       107672000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     666                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      274.537931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     187.244268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     251.506931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             44     30.34%     30.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           37     25.52%     55.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28     19.31%     75.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      7.59%     82.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      4.83%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      5.52%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      1.38%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      2.07%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      3.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6586250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  19073750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9889.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28639.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         395.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      395.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       161669.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     387750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2769000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               38199690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               27380250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 76058610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              749.484363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       47670750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        52812250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     355320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     193875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2028000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               32151420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               32685750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 74025645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              729.451450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       57549250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        43929750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               78929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  76214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.560200                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          215401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        482343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             76859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       165670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1993                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     6732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            188739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.555609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.213598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   30459     16.14%     16.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   78270     41.47%     57.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     797      0.42%     58.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1203      0.64%     58.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     613      0.32%     58.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   73671     39.03%     98.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     671      0.36%     98.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     403      0.21%     98.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2652      1.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              188739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.378805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.239279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                18382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   152999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                471851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2005                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   152998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                468673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             320440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               934717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          705961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               307367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               821                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              149926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            73307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    392051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                889                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   388622                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               31                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       188739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.059045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.124370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              33524     17.76%     17.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4207      2.23%     19.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              74141     39.28%     59.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              73776     39.09%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1579      0.84%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                884      0.47%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                404      0.21%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                147      0.08%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 77      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         188739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     61     21.18%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   124     43.06%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  103     35.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               164274     42.27%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              149282     38.41%     80.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              75066     19.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                388622                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.804179                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        288                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            966302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           405302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       386770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                388910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           72419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   1969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   38                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             466549                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               149926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    46                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1309                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               387610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               148943                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        73609                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      223859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76931                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74916                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.799481                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        387178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       386770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   229443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   232488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.795581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.986903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13089                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.434007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.148610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        33753     18.12%     18.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        76007     40.80%     58.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1940      1.04%     59.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          664      0.36%     60.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          518      0.28%     60.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        72154     38.73%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          496      0.27%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          263      0.14%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          483      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              453402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                453402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        221416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       147273                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     76030                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   305698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        72762     16.05%     16.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          159140     35.10%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         147357     32.50%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         74143     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           453402                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      651125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     935459                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26662                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     380556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       380556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.566017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.566017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.766733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.766733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  693485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 312678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 225727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          141.118700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             149407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           873.725146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.118700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.275622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.275622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.330078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           602739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          602739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       149458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          149458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       149458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         149458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34744480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34744480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       472500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       472500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51533480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     51533480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51533480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     51533480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        76465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        74101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       150566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       150566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30359.855335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30359.855335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62602.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62602.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18173.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18173.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46510.361011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46510.361011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46510.361011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46510.361011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           33                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8423500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8423500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       446500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       446500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37448.087432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37448.087432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47590.395480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47590.395480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17173.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17173.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42434.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42434.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42434.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42434.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          241.159002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.800659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   241.159002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.471014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.570312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7339                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           5949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            5949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           5949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         6732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         6732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         6732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         6732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         6732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51589.399745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51589.399745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51589.399745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51589.399745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51589.399745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51589.399745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31312500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31312500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31312500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31312500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31312500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31312500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51500.822368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51500.822368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51500.822368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51500.822368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51500.822368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51500.822368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  52270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            48857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               45038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  43957                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.599805                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    912                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          162626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             30636                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        289541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      52270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             44869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       123502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1084                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    21117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            156585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.849098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.199028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   55186     35.24%     35.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   51235     32.72%     67.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    6397      4.09%     72.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3507      2.24%     74.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     942      0.60%     74.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   33361     21.31%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1213      0.77%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     812      0.52%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3932      2.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              156585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.321412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.780410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   17913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                54188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    79912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                274398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  24678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         13550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    81416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                16983                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                271226                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 15241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             191192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               520363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          405271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               177667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   13525                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1251                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    21370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               76128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              36144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            36135                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           31079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    225686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6135                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   227404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                8                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10115                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           706                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       156585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.452272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.380275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              58755     37.52%     37.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              20747     13.25%     50.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              35642     22.76%     73.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              35172     22.46%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3374      2.15%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1612      1.03%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                878      0.56%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                207      0.13%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                198      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         156585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     79     24.01%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     24.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    41     12.46%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     63.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               111654     49.10%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               80158     35.25%     84.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              35592     15.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                227404                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.398325                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        329                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001447                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            611730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           244482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       225916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                227733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           30932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   7175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   65                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             268817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                76128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               36144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    38                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1492                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               226425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                75137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        36996                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      110644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   46426                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     35507                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.392305                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        226182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       225916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   128242                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   134834                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.389175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.951110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5429                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       154086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.657380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.063453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        63982     41.52%     41.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        43006     27.91%     69.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5237      3.40%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6258      4.06%     76.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1532      0.99%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30979     20.11%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          844      0.55%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          946      0.61%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1302      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       154086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              255379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                255379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        108350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        73633                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       4715                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     45393                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   175866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        36183     14.17%     14.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          106131     41.56%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          78348     30.68%     86.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34717     13.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           255379                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      420960                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     540023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           6041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       45271                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     214481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       214481                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.758230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.758230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.318860                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.318860                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  391734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 183502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 112279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.736588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              40830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1407.931034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    25.736588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.050267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           315852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          315852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        43688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          43688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        34492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        78180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           78180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        78180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          78180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3364000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3364000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       599000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       599000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        44183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        78832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        78832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18115.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18115.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21426.751592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21426.751592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11745.098039                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11745.098039                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18912.576687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18912.576687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18912.576687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18912.576687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1748500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1748500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       548000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       548000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12121.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12121.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16495.283019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16495.283019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10745.098039                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10745.098039                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13838.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13838.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13838.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13838.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           84.417280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              20534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            41.399194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    84.417280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.164877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.164877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.220703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            21613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           21613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        20534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        20534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           20534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        20534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          20534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        21117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        21117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        21117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24527.444254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24527.444254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24527.444254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24527.444254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24527.444254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24527.444254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           64                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23761.088710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23761.088710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23761.088710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23761.088710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23761.088710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23761.088710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  51016                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            47608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               43707                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  42688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.668566                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    903                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          162253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             31836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        280333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      51016                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             43591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       126252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1153                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    22874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            160605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.745481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.165535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   60810     37.86%     37.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   50841     31.66%     69.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    7311      4.55%     74.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3498      2.18%     76.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     961      0.60%     76.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   31234     19.45%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1226      0.76%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     786      0.49%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3938      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              160605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.314423                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.727752                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                62772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    75260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 3724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1351                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                265175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1351                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   18185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  29493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         13900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    76790                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                20876                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                262017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 18650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             183428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               498093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          388599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               169446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   13982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    25354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               72684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              33991                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            34917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           28890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    216663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   219007                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               19                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           687                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       160605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.363637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.376138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              64456     40.13%     40.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              23625     14.71%     54.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              33318     20.75%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              32915     20.49%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3374      2.10%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1611      1.00%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                893      0.56%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                212      0.13%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                201      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         160605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     80     23.32%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    54     15.74%     39.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     60.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               108075     49.35%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               77606     35.44%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33326     15.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                219007                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.349787                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        343                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001566                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            598981                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           236927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       217448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                219350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           28643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1351                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   66                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             259522                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                72684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               33991                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    40                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           443                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               217972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                71586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        35753                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      104818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   45124                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     33232                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.343408                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        217734                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       217448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   122408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   129014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.340179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.948796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13957                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       158015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.553777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.025126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        70555     44.65%     44.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        41677     26.38%     71.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5250      3.32%     74.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7214      4.57%     78.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1535      0.97%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28695     18.16%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          838      0.53%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          950      0.60%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1301      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       158015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              245520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                245520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        102429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        70013                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       5702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     44083                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   168630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        34870     14.20%     14.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          102519     41.76%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          75715     30.84%     86.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32416     13.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           245520                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      415605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     521544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1648                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       45643                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     204948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       204948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.791679                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.791679                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.263138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.263138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  374158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 175347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 106430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.147052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              38440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1372.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    23.147052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           301603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          301603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        32186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        74577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           74577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        74577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          74577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       655000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       655000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     12194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     12194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        42920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        42920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        32345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        75265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        75265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.816901                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.816901                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16258.979206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16258.979206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22597.484277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22597.484277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11293.103448                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11293.103448                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17723.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17723.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17723.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17723.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       597000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       597000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.816901                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816901                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9723.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9723.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17405.660377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17405.660377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10293.103448                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10293.103448                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           77.661611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              22304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.608000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    77.661611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.151683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.151683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.222656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            23374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           23374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        22304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        22304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           22304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        22304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          22304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        22874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        22874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        22874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        22874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        22874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14201.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14201.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14201.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7049500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7049500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  49230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            45728                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               41796                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  40803                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.624175                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          161890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             32992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        268412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      49230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             41709                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       124419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    24017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            159937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.678236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.146445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   63357     39.61%     39.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   49486     30.94%     70.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    7847      4.91%     75.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3455      2.16%     77.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     942      0.59%     78.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   28830     18.03%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1207      0.75%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     797      0.50%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    4016      2.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              159937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.304095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.657990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   17620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                66098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    70935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 3926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1348                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                252986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1348                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   18323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  31370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         13970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    72885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                22031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                249675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 20026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             174506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               471658                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          368736                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               160859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   13647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    26657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               68456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              31644                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            33001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           26549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    205848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   208921                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                4                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10220                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           712                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.306271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.372225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              67005     41.89%     41.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              24940     15.59%     57.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              31075     19.43%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              30637     19.16%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3376      2.11%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1620      1.01%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                871      0.54%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                214      0.13%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                199      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     82     24.70%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     24.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    41     12.35%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               103999     49.78%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               73864     35.35%     85.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              31058     14.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                208921                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.290512                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        332                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001589                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            578115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           226182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       207437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                209253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           26373                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1348                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   63                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             247262                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                68456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               31644                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    36                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           438                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               207928                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                67431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        33855                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       98404                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   43312                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     30973                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.284378                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        207701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       207437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   116002                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   122598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.281345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.946198                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6847                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.484744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.997930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        73609     46.76%     46.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        39844     25.31%     72.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5242      3.33%     75.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7652      4.86%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1542      0.98%     81.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26417     16.78%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          849      0.54%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          951      0.60%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1303      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              233712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                233712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         96099                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        65935                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       6131                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     42256                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   160475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        33044     14.14%     14.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           98438     42.12%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          72066     30.84%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30164     12.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           233712                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      402737                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     496962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       46007                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     194537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       194537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.832181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.832181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.201662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.201662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  355006                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 166699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 100037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.251319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              36167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1291.678571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.251319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.047366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           285043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          285043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        40546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        29945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         29945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        70491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           70491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        70491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          70491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           53                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3781500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3781500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       606500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       606500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        71129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        71129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        71129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        71129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.011917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.757143                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.757143                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16643.149284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16643.149284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25379.194631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25379.194631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11443.396226                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11443.396226                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18683.385580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18683.385580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18683.385580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18683.385580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2139500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2139500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       553500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       553500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.757143                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757143                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9993.788820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9993.788820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20771.844660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20771.844660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10443.396226                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10443.396226                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14198.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14198.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14198.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14198.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           80.879647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              23443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            47.074297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    80.879647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.157968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.157968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.222656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            24515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           24515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        23443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        23443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           23443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        23443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          23443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7717500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7717500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7717500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7717500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7717500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7717500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        24017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        24017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        24017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        24017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        24017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13445.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13445.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13445.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13445.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13445.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13445.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6640500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6640500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13334.337349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13334.337349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13334.337349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13334.337349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13334.337349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13334.337349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  419.138543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       2347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     4.411654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.788194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      288.006073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.075910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       61.760427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        5.322052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        2.559109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        0.677187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        1.231634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.717957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008118                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    25618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   25618                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total               1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total             676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           410                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           489                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           493                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1638                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          362                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             464                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               86                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7622500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1059000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1210000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1404500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11296000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6438500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       788500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       341500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35248000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       540000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        96500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      6700500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6438500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        53244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6438500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       53244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total          676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.967391                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.595395                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.173387                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.220742                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.595395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.173387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.022000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.010040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.595395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.173387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.022000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.010040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81090.425532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81461.538462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 100833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 117041.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86229.007634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76462.707182                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74866.279070                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71681.818182                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68300                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75965.517241                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79753.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77142.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        96500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79767.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76462.707182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80497.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74866.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        79950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71681.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99423.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 115461.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78416.053019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76462.707182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80497.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74866.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        79950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71681.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99423.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 115461.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78416.053019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           82                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       512500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       359500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       401500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       416000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1689500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6682500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       929000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1090000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1284500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9986000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23889000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5419500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       436500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       145500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29890500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5231500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       470000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        72500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        86500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5860500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5419500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       436500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5419500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       436500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967391                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.283525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18981.481481                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18921.052632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19119.047619                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18909.090909                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18983.146067                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71090.425532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71461.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107041.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76229.007634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66174.515235                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66091.463415                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        72750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66276.053215                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69753.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67142.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        72500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        86500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69767.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66174.515235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70497.041420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66091.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        69950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89423.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        72750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68674.174174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66174.515235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70497.041420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66091.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        69950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89423.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        72750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68674.174174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              230                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     985    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              928501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3534750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         4931                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2366                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2779                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1468                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             294                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            294                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              387                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             387                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2102                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          678                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  7371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        59008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        56256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        56704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        56448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 244288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1020                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.293268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.185819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1230     35.54%     35.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                    830     23.98%     59.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    557     16.09%     75.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                    844     24.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            3950967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            911498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            505495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            746494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            429965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            752493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            440466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            748497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            422962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
