
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.843590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1843589966000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1843589966000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 235004                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   235004                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6029262323                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 334496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   305.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    71858166                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      71858166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           498752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20812864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           142016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1542464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           270784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2513408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25781248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       498752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       142016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       270784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          911552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            325201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             24101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              270533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            11289313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               77032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              836663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              146879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1363323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13984264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         270533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          77032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         146879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             494444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4052025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4052025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4052025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             270533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           11289313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              77032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             836663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             146879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1363323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18036288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         69838                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        43200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       69838                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      43200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  4468672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2763328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   4469632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2764800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                4712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               4705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1842577981000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   69838                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  43200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     49697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      5333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     1916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        20081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      360.141427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     203.044984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     371.054922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7137     35.54%     35.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4621     23.01%     58.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1666      8.30%     66.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          928      4.62%     71.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          708      3.53%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          489      2.44%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          446      2.22%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          393      1.96%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3693     18.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          20081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          1852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        37.694924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      845.707136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           1850     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            1852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          1852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        23.313715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.866365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.527044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-7                41      2.21%      2.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-15                7      0.38%      2.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            1554     83.91%     86.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              22      1.19%     87.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39               8      0.43%     88.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              17      0.92%     89.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              85      4.59%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               1      0.05%     93.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               5      0.27%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              12      0.65%     94.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              79      4.27%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               1      0.05%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103              1      0.05%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             2      0.11%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             2      0.11%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             1      0.05%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             2      0.11%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             1      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             4      0.22%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            1852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      868841000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2178022250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    349115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12443.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31193.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      58950                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     33969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     16300518.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   75327840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   41027250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 267883200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                136617840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89190744240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            36136650240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           799618982250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             925467232860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.951944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310356278000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45598540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9770912000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   76484520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   41621250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 276736200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                143169120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89190744240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35633622105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           799038075000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             924400452435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.003354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1311078051250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45598540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9034735750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4864866                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6190                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  429298                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3435008                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 165213                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8299874                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6878                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  594511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2740787                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3088                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2743875                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928566651                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6425                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211440                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74803     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1880      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105703     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73436     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1880      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73436     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148955                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1820420490500     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39420000      0.00%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              369089000      0.02%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22760232500      1.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1843589232000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981725                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815794                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175328     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6784      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5177      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192243                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1908                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322243                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080630                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29995203000      1.63%      1.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2591439000      0.14%      1.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1811002588000     98.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32582067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     32582067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30467910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                163902                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     798062                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4326152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30467910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       163902                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           42599897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22343200                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84869                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86282                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8329687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4886082                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3443605                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904742998.451047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23823652.548953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025656                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974344                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5381713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1604740      4.92%      4.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 21953705     67.37%     72.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   32143      0.10%     72.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  13006      0.04%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1630      0.01%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5016904     15.39%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3446714     10.58%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                520313      1.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  32589155                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13241654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.500554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.747103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   121.216699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   136.034010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.497553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.236751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.265691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63386315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63386315                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4025113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1019893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2537393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7582399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3145683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       772678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1357185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5275546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122917                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7170796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1792571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3894578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12857945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7170796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1792571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3894578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12857945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       726690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        86811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       548555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1362056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       165054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        38389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       671866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       875309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2090                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7703                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19191                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       891744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       125200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1220421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2237365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       891744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       125200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1220421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2237365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2310208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8890735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11200943500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2130423000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29514538622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31644961622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27861500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    150253000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178114500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4440631500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38405273622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42845905122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4440631500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38405273622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42845905122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4751803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1106704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3085948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8944455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3310737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       811067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2029051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6150855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21140                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122918                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8062540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1917771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5114999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15095310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8062540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1917771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5114999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15095310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.177759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.331123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.142307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.130830                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.238597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.238597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26611.932820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16207.554393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8223.555786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55495.662820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43929.204070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36152.903286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13330.861244                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19505.776970                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9281.147413                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        36000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        27000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35468.302716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31468.873136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19150.163305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35468.302716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31468.873136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19150.163305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1652562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            59814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.628348                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       288309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       288309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       572598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       572598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       860907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       860907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       860907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       860907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        86811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       260246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        99268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       137657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2090                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6122                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8212                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       359514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       484714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       359514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       484714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2223397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4676165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6899562500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2092034000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4615486880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6707520880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25771500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     77436500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103208000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4315431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9291651880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13607083380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4315431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9291651880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13607083380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    293417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    298094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    591511500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    372517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    424017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    796534500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    665934500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    722111500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1388046000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047331                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022380                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098865                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103978                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25611.932820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17968.249272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19880.199794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54495.662820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46495.213765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48726.333423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12330.861244                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12648.889252                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12567.949342                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        35000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34468.302716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25845.034908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28072.396052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34468.302716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25845.034908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28072.396052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 220780.662152                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225316.704460                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223043.552036                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 230233.003708                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 223402.265543                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226545.648464                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 225970.308789                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 224188.606023                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225039.883268                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           963447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.175727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           41538422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           963958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.091527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10558559500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   261.250530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    81.956033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   167.969164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.510255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.160070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.328065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         43483376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        43483376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32077016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7032806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2428600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       41538422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32077016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7032806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2428600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        41538422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32077016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7032806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2428600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       41538422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       512139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       343464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       980816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       512139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       343464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        980816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       512139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       343464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       980816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899535500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5061406468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6960941968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5061406468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6960941968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5061406468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6960941968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7158019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42519238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7158019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     42519238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7158019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     42519238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.433581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14736.352188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7097.092592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.433581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14736.352188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7097.092592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.433581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14736.352188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7097.092592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              361                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.975069                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       963447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           963447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       451999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       451999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       451999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1774322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4489110472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6263432972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1774322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4489110472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6263432972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1774322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4489110472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6263432972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.433581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13737.156647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13857.183250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.433581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13737.156647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13857.183250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.433581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13737.156647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13857.183250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1125881                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1262                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           31                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118172                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     832506                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      154                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          18                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  48626                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1958387                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           49                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  166798                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     755228                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      636                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          28                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 755864                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953452805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7156553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7156553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6641394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 39637                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     205363                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       849545                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6641394                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        39637                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9238548                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4861490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               20633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21093                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1965214                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1130466                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    834748                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              924897133.577308                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              28555671.422692                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.029950                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.970050                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1119461                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               390354      5.45%      5.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4632011     64.71%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7720      0.11%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3352      0.05%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    449      0.01%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1159039     16.19%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 835953     11.68%     98.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                129140      1.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7158018                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10791255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         10058403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           121654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             8435844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6655738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            78.898306                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 298678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3519605                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12192                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          125                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  255658                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2173211                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2700                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         124                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  93379                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5692816                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14892                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          249                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  349037                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     552522                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5239                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         186                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 557761                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        32231216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9243140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      40614337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10791255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6954416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     20748537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 401448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       193088                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        89379                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1066                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2772079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                89992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          30488864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.332104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.325204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21032791     68.99%     68.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  294156      0.96%     69.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  468874      1.54%     71.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 5033027     16.51%     88.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  879823      2.89%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  194768      0.64%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  230051      0.75%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  433078      1.42%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1922296      6.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            30488864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.334808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.260093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7572995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             14121086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7836457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               524591                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                187872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              174587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              37262943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                41463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                187872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7849913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4677015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6609993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8056869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2861349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              36455800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                58084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                369048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 93720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1797134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           24334504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             45550794                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        45486602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59958                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             22464723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1869781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            530990                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         62923                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3828293                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3503034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2266301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           453472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          325651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33952570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             679538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 33658910                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2512562                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1127430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        486035                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30488864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.103974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.612784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18447860     60.51%     60.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2702530      8.86%     69.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1349610      4.43%     73.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5752968     18.87%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1041424      3.42%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             588365      1.93%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             396836      1.30%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             164449      0.54%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              44822      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30488864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  81533     21.03%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                179737     46.36%     67.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               126415     32.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3114      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27463980     81.59%     81.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21318      0.06%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22163      0.07%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1557      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3647310     10.84%     92.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2197101      6.53%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            302367      0.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              33658910                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.044295                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     387685                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011518                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97946508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37024649                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33041720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             264026                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            125654                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       122549                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              33902559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 140922                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          200179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       430903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5745                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4239                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       217245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                187872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4009534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               206574                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35996335                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3503034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2266301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            605122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               158194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5745                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              193737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33463084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3540458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1364227                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5721059                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7732015                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2180601                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.038220                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33206737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     33164269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 19394211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 23137569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.028949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.838213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2629534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         193503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           177029                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30027785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.109667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.847605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19194769     63.92%     63.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2226064      7.41%     71.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1158797      3.86%     75.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5473612     18.23%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       589514      1.96%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197059      0.66%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       164152      0.55%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       162472      0.54%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       861346      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30027785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            33320829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              33320829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5159901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3072131                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      67946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7559828                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    120718                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 31821279                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              240082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1204397      3.61%      3.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        26540433     79.65%     83.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20865      0.06%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         21723      0.07%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1557      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3140077      9.42%     92.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2089410      6.27%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       302367      0.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         33320829                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               861346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    65041726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   72360391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         178229                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1742352                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1747482810                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   32119546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32119546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.003477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.003477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.996535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.996535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                43931463                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               23250358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    74602                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   74558                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5374687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                272957                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               55500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             6287500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            86466426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             8820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            16844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.261273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1694926915000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.261273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9575962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9575962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2102569464                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2102569464                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9575962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9575962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9575962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9575962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 55352.381503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55352.381503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 50600.920870                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50600.920870                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 55352.381503                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55352.381503                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 55352.381503                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55352.381503                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        16656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6075962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6075962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1269053528                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269053528                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6075962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6075962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6075962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6075962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.400847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86799.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86799.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76191.974544                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76191.974544                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86799.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86799.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86799.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86799.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337614                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65425.009940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4005222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.944043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54894.998559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2664.593878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2878.621970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      441.912362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      553.890082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2003.349443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1987.643647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.837631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.040658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.006743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.008452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.030569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.030329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38412363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38412363                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       835864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          835864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       963150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          963150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            24436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            72279                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        504325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        122994                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        322528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            949847                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       485259                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        78708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       253716                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           817683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              504325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              575657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              122994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              103144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              322528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              325995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1954643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             504325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             575657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             122994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             103144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             322528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             325995                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1954643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          13952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          27191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7793                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14243                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       250829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        10193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            325474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             24145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           325474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            24145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       551000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       551000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        77500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        77500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1777468000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3688796500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5466264500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    293360500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    567162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    860523000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1287741500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1552243000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2839984500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    293360500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3065209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    567162500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5241039500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9166772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    293360500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3065209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    567162500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5241039500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9166772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       835864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       835864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       963150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       963150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       165043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        38388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        99470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302901                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       512118                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       125213                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       326759                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        964090                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       736088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        88901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       266145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1091134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          512118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          901131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          125213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          127289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          326759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          365615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2358125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         512118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         901131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         125213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         127289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         326759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         365615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2358125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.628571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382264                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015217                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017722                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012948                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014774                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340760                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046700                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250612                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.361184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.189686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.012948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.108365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.361184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.189686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.108365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25045.454545                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        77500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        38750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127398.795872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135662.406679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47209.248800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132203.920685                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134049.279130                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60417.257600                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126335.867752                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 124888.808432                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10385.716271                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132203.920685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126950.072479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134049.279130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132282.672892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22719.159715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132203.920685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126950.072479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134049.279130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132282.672892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22719.159715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75211                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75211                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        27191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6450                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12429                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            70215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           70215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       960500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       960500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        67500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1637948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3416886500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5054834500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    271170500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524851004                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    796021504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1185811500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1461164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2646975500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    271170500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2823759500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524851004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4878050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8497831504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    271170500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2823759500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524851004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4878050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8497831504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    276798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    281540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    558338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    353901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    402187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    756088000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    630699000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    683727000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1314426000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68607.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68607.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        67500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117398.795872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 125662.406679                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122860.134166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.920685                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124048.925550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123414.186667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116335.867752                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 117560.865717                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117008.907258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.920685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116950.072479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124048.925550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123120.911156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121025.870597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.920685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116950.072479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124048.925550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123120.911156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121025.870597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 208275.395034                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212804.232804                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210534.690799                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 218727.441286                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211900.421496                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215042.093288                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214013.912453                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212271.654766                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213104.085603                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        287867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        24896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       108424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       108424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1286086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30604608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30650192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33314512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              160                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            840765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  840765    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              840765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           350987320                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          374958750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             368038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4714924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2357142                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1609                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1129                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1129                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2062215                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       879068                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       963447                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          600902                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302901                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302901                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        964138                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091204                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16656                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2891696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4215380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7107076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    123363712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142746256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266109968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          421211                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4208443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4204307     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4136      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4208443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1783289500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           100962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         678414167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         743545456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
