
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     5804619                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    5804619                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  51112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 539540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   113.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39798848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39798848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15581696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15581696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       621857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              621857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       243464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             243464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   6856410042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            6856410042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   2684361540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2684361540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   9540771582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           9540771582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      621863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     243464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    621863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   243464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39164928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  634304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                15347904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39799232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             15581696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  3612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             29750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             29762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             30212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       5804586                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                621863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               243464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    7955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   22733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   28906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   35545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   40354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   40411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   37072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  32213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  29355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  27599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  26539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  25493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  24184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  22531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  19750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  19058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  18070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  17458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  16622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  15412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  13495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  10810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                   7544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                   4366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                   2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                    720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                    165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  14326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  13841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  14685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  15324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  15794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  16146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  16712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  10107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   8744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   7608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   6776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   5825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   5093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   4570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   4100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   3585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   3242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   2841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   2588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   2294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   2101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   1561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       248920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    218.993540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.304402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.907377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49026     19.70%     19.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106149     42.64%     62.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53846     21.63%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23676      9.51%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9920      3.99%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3999      1.61%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1470      0.59%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          555      0.22%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          279      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       248920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.564355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     37.473422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     18.114415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             368      2.50%      2.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             35      0.24%      2.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            28      0.19%      2.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          3444     23.39%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          5889     40.00%     66.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          1669     11.34%     77.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           210      1.43%     79.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           822      5.58%     84.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          1190      8.08%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           551      3.74%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           134      0.91%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           117      0.79%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          111      0.75%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           88      0.60%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           41      0.28%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           13      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         14723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.289159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.253395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.200278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            13541     91.98%     91.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              274      1.86%     93.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              219      1.49%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              171      1.16%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              148      1.01%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              120      0.82%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              106      0.72%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               55      0.37%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               39      0.26%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               22      0.15%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                9      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                8      0.05%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                3      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                4      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         14722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     62858163                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                74485251                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3059760                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       102.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  121.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      6747.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      2644.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   6856.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   2684.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        73.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    52.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   20.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      15.51                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      31.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   367980                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  234855                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          6.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1880550000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1044750000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7631744640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2484680832                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            378877200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3953498796                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12555000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            17386656468                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2997.237403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           21                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        193700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       5607187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            378877200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            125356680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3370527600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3874761480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5607130                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        193700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99618                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55623                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99272                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55024                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99538                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55651                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99340                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54979                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55681                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99500                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55039                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98819                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54905                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99333                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55013                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       626273                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998461                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997196                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125872                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          20      0.00%      0.02% |      626149     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        626273                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              626145                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1186.479644                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean            964.891973                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            637.614022                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      115326     18.42%     18.42% |      154484     24.67%     43.09% |      152619     24.37%     67.47% |      139827     22.33%     89.80% |       59016      9.43%     99.22% |        4834      0.77%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                626145                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples            2793                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean        1046.933047                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean        547.561275                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev        677.643840                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |         758     27.14%     27.14% |         630     22.56%     49.70% |         668     23.92%     73.61% |         508     18.19%     91.80% |         212      7.59%     99.39% |          16      0.57%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total              2793                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         623352                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1187.104899                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       967.344419                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       637.360833                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      114568     18.38%     18.38% |      153854     24.68%     43.06% |      151951     24.38%     67.44% |      139319     22.35%     89.79% |       58804      9.43%     99.22% |        4818      0.77%     99.99% |          38      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           623352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times             1307                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times         622042                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           18                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           26                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78224                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           30                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           27                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           21                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           28                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           16                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       624172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       625979                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     9.831192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79732                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85716                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85362                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5740704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6171552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       682896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     9.804110                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78198                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79339                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85372                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625980                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85564                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5712408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6146784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       684512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     9.825219                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78436                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5726592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6172776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       684416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     9.790582                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79115                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85299                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5696280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6141528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       684032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     9.814990                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79510                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625978                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85220                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5724720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6159096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       681760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     9.784919                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78146                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          257                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85067                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85186                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5701896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        14688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6124824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       681488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     9.780543                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78028                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85081                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5697864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        11376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6125832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       682768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     9.777795                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79115                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85025                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        85186                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5696280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6121800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       681488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    41.138273                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624171                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4          731                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       863683                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       450288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       130176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     62185176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    38.269855                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624169                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       627490                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       239804                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45179280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17265888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    17.628142                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       634210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4          742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       893162                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1      4381859                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       682920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45663120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       136296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        53280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     64307664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1     35054872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      5463360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3750449                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1902631                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data         5679                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data         2220                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         2226                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2679485                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1137656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9389691                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Persistent_Control      1517600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     30003592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    136989432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       408888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data       159840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        17808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    192922920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      9101248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     75117528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Persistent_Control     12140800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    11.795399                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547401                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5685552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       261360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4379208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     7.866985                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        82086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9482                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        55152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5910192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       628624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    11.772254                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78556                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547782                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5656032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       263952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4382256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     7.835966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78198                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          111                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81706                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78198                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9684                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        56376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5882832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       625584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        77472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization    11.790024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78783                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3709                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5672376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       267048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4380344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     7.860413                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78436                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          753                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        82024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78436                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        54216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5905728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        77376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization    11.761271                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78375                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3702                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547948                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       266544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     7.819893                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        53280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5874984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        76992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization    11.781471                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5673240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4379816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     7.848508                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          715                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81956                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9340                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        51480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         4824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5900832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       628008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        74720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization    11.755543                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3543                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547833                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5648112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       255096                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4382664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     7.814294                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78146                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81524                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78146                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        53784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5869728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       625168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        74448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization    11.751994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78382                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547951                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     7.809091                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78028                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81484                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78028                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9466                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        54360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5866848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization    11.749298                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78383                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3558                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       256176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     7.806292                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81467                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9306                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        52704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5865624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        74448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    54.522097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          725                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45016128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    27.754449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624171                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238459                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       450288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       130176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17169048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    28.255541                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624169                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5524                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238945                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379215                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17204040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    48.284168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       621966                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4          859                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44781552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4        61848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    11.713732                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66398                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5685552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       261360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4379216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       531184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    11.688838                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3666                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547782                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5656032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       263952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4382256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       529568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization    11.706720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3709                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5672376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       267048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4380352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       529664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization    11.678381                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78375                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3702                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       266544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       530048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization    11.701052                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78795                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3587                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5673240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4379824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       532320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization    11.675392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78446                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5648112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       255096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4382672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       532592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization    11.670465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78382                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66414                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       531312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization    11.669147                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78383                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5643576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       256176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       532592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    54.522131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       625979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4          725                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625225                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5007832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45016200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    28.255567                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5524                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4993368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17204040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3033728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       607040                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           402946                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1186.306245                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean         965.010746                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         637.325812                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |       73968     18.36%     18.36% |       99848     24.78%     43.14% |       97930     24.30%     67.44% |       90121     22.37%     89.81% |       37940      9.42%     99.22% |        3116      0.77%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             402946                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         1829                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean     1043.881903                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean     544.834645                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev     678.031669                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |         509     27.83%     27.83% |         406     22.20%     50.03% |         423     23.13%     73.15% |         348     19.03%     92.18% |         130      7.11%     99.29% |          13      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           1829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       401117                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1186.955666                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    967.529445                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    637.062224                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |       73459     18.31%     18.31% |       99442     24.79%     43.10% |       97507     24.31%     67.41% |       89773     22.38%     89.79% |       37810      9.43%     99.22% |        3103      0.77%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        401117                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223199                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1186.792687                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean         964.677587                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         638.135313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       41358     18.53%     18.53% |       54636     24.48%     43.01% |       54689     24.50%     67.51% |       49706     22.27%     89.78% |       21076      9.44%     99.22% |        1718      0.77%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223199                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples          964                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean     1052.721992                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean     552.772078                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev     677.221349                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |         249     25.83%     25.83% |         224     23.24%     49.07% |         245     25.41%     74.48% |         160     16.60%     91.08% |          82      8.51%     99.59% |           3      0.31%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total            964                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       222235                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1187.374252                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    967.010551                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    637.900791                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       41109     18.50%     18.50% |       54412     24.48%     42.98% |       54444     24.50%     67.48% |       49546     22.29%     89.77% |       20994      9.45%     99.22% |        1715      0.77%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        222235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples          183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total          183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples         1307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1135.274675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   853.432018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   643.796275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist |         272     20.81%     20.81% |         323     24.71%     45.52% |         329     25.17%     70.70% |         261     19.97%     90.67% |         113      8.65%     99.31% |           9      0.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::total         1307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples         2610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean  1120.268582                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean   851.996438                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::stdev   639.763047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |         575     22.03%     22.03% |         630     24.14%     46.17% |         668     25.59%     71.76% |         508     19.46%     91.23% |         212      8.12%     99.35% |          16      0.61%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total         2610                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples       622045                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1187.213801                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   967.599105                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   637.343328                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist |      114296     18.37%     18.37% |      153531     24.68%     43.06% |      151622     24.37%     67.43% |      139058     22.35%     89.79% |       58691      9.44%     99.22% |        4809      0.77%     99.99% |          38      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::total       622045                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::mean           88                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::gmean    87.863425                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::stdev            6                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::total            3                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         119    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          858                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1145.367133                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   879.341140                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   635.434681                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         169     19.70%     19.70% |         215     25.06%     44.76% |         218     25.41%     70.16% |         176     20.51%     90.68% |          76      8.86%     99.53% |           4      0.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          858                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         1710                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1116.456725                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   844.662352                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   640.887600                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         390     22.81%     22.81% |         406     23.74%     46.55% |         423     24.74%     71.29% |         348     20.35%     91.64% |         130      7.60%     99.24% |          13      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         1710                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       400259                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1187.044816                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   967.727685                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   637.063584                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       73290     18.31%     18.31% |       99227     24.79%     43.10% |       97289     24.31%     67.41% |       89597     22.38%     89.79% |       37734      9.43%     99.22% |        3099      0.77%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       400259                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           64                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           64                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          449                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1115.988864                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   806.026116                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   659.767094                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         103     22.94%     22.94% |         108     24.05%     46.99% |         111     24.72%     71.71% |          85     18.93%     90.65% |          37      8.24%     98.89% |           5      1.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          449                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          900                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1127.511111                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   866.107098                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   637.913900                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         185     20.56%     20.56% |         224     24.89%     45.44% |         245     27.22%     72.67% |         160     17.78%     90.44% |          82      9.11%     99.56% |           3      0.33%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          900                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       221786                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1187.518770                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   967.367099                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   637.849198                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       41006     18.49%     18.49% |       54304     24.48%     42.97% |       54333     24.50%     67.47% |       49461     22.30%     89.77% |       20957      9.45%     99.22% |        1710      0.77%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       221786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          237932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          430235      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Lockdown        38085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unlockdown        37795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_Owner          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_All_Tokens       244162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner          503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       377856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Tokens           161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens          785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       621853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       243464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX        220090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS        397255      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Lockdown         3994      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Tokens           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens          767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX         2301      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS         4171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Lockdown        15857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_Owner          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_All_Tokens       243130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner          503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       377467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Tokens          147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETX           131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETS           219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Lockdown          257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Unlockdown        37790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_All_Tokens          977      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens          389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Tokens            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETX           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETS          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Lockdown          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Data_All_Tokens           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Ack_All_Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Ack       243328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETX           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETS          285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Lockdown            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Unlockdown            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Ack_All_Tokens            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Data         4514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Ack          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETX          537      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETS          917      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Lockdown           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Memory_Data        17808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETX        14732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETS        27269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Lockdown        17808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Ack_All_Tokens           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Memory_Data       599526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50474     12.53%     12.53% |       50457     12.52%     25.05% |       50256     12.47%     37.52% |       50384     12.50%     50.02% |       50498     12.53%     62.55% |       50310     12.49%     75.04% |       50181     12.45%     87.49% |       50399     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       402959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       28123     12.60%     12.60% |       27767     12.44%     25.04% |       28197     12.63%     37.67% |       27678     12.40%     50.07% |       28031     12.56%     62.63% |       27857     12.48%     75.11% |       27875     12.49%     87.60% |       27679     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1485554     12.54%     12.54% |     1480279     12.50%     25.04% |     1485266     12.54%     37.58% |     1476396     12.47%     50.05% |     1483572     12.53%     62.58% |     1478587     12.48%     75.06% |     1476827     12.47%     87.53% |     1476861     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     11843342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared |         181     11.78%     11.78% |         202     13.15%     24.93% |         196     12.76%     37.70% |         186     12.11%     49.80% |         196     12.76%     62.57% |         211     13.74%     76.30% |         181     11.78%     88.09% |         183     11.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner |          37     12.89%     12.89% |          38     13.24%     26.13% |          30     10.45%     36.59% |          49     17.07%     53.66% |          33     11.50%     65.16% |          29     10.10%     75.26% |          35     12.20%     87.46% |          36     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner::total          287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens |       82679     12.56%     12.56% |       82316     12.50%     25.06% |       82586     12.54%     37.60% |       82161     12.48%     50.08% |       82480     12.53%     62.61% |       82095     12.47%     75.08% |       82060     12.46%     87.54% |       82026     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens::total       658403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           3     20.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           4     26.67%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX |      195023     12.49%     12.49% |      195386     12.51%     24.99% |      194951     12.48%     37.48% |      195477     12.51%     49.99% |      195117     12.49%     62.48% |      195291     12.50%     74.98% |      195275     12.50%     87.49% |      195467     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1561987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS |      352377     12.50%     12.50% |      352396     12.50%     24.99% |      352591     12.50%     37.50% |      352469     12.50%     50.00% |      352360     12.50%     62.49% |      352541     12.50%     74.99% |      352675     12.51%     87.50% |      352448     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2819857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX |       11895     12.45%     12.45% |       11901     12.46%     24.91% |       11886     12.44%     37.36% |       11874     12.43%     49.79% |       12000     12.56%     62.35% |       12004     12.57%     74.92% |       11915     12.47%     87.39% |       12043     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX::total        95518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS |       21420     12.52%     12.52% |       21307     12.46%     24.98% |       21342     12.48%     37.45% |       21371     12.49%     49.95% |       21400     12.51%     62.46% |       21415     12.52%     74.97% |       21429     12.53%     87.50% |       21381     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS::total       171065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       42564     12.50%     12.50% |       42671     12.53%     25.04% |       42652     12.53%     37.56% |       42635     12.52%     50.09% |       42479     12.48%     62.56% |       42459     12.47%     75.04% |       42536     12.49%     87.53% |       42456     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       340452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout |       32217     12.51%     12.51% |       32733     12.71%     25.21% |       32432     12.59%     37.80% |       32745     12.71%     50.51% |       31784     12.34%     62.85% |       31604     12.27%     75.12% |       31994     12.42%     87.54% |       32094     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout::total       257603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           4      5.63%      5.63% |           6      8.45%     14.08% |           7      9.86%     23.94% |           8     11.27%     35.21% |           7      9.86%     45.07% |           9     12.68%     57.75% |          13     18.31%     76.06% |          17     23.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           8      7.34%      7.34% |          15     13.76%     21.10% |          16     14.68%     35.78% |          10      9.17%     44.95% |          11     10.09%     55.05% |          16     14.68%     69.72% |          13     11.93%     81.65% |          20     18.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       78379     12.56%     12.56% |       77963     12.49%     25.05% |       78212     12.53%     37.58% |       77806     12.47%     50.04% |       78280     12.54%     62.58% |       77902     12.48%     75.07% |       77805     12.47%     87.53% |       77834     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       624181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       50436     12.53%     12.53% |       50422     12.52%     25.05% |       50219     12.47%     37.52% |       50347     12.50%     50.02% |       50459     12.53%     62.55% |       50273     12.48%     75.04% |       50148     12.45%     87.49% |       50367     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       402671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       28105     12.60%     12.60% |       27746     12.44%     25.04% |       28181     12.63%     37.68% |       27655     12.40%     50.07% |       28015     12.56%     62.63% |       27838     12.48%     75.12% |       27854     12.49%     87.60% |       27648     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       223042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared |          18     15.93%     15.93% |          15     13.27%     29.20% |          16     14.16%     43.36% |          13     11.50%     54.87% |          14     12.39%     67.26% |          14     12.39%     79.65% |          10      8.85%     88.50% |          13     11.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared::total          113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner |          14     13.33%     13.33% |          11     10.48%     23.81% |          11     10.48%     34.29% |          17     16.19%     50.48% |          14     13.33%     63.81% |          10      9.52%     73.33% |          13     12.38%     85.71% |          15     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens |        4260     12.56%     12.56% |        4304     12.69%     25.26% |        4335     12.78%     38.04% |        4318     12.73%     50.78% |        4169     12.30%     63.07% |        4156     12.26%     75.33% |        4220     12.45%     87.77% |        4146     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens::total        33908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack    |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX |      194562     12.49%     12.49% |      194942     12.51%     25.00% |      194497     12.48%     37.48% |      195027     12.52%     49.99% |      194648     12.49%     62.48% |      194809     12.50%     74.98% |      194813     12.50%     87.49% |      195021     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1558319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS |      351554     12.50%     12.50% |      351575     12.50%     24.99% |      351805     12.50%     37.50% |      351649     12.50%     50.00% |      351556     12.50%     62.49% |      351728     12.50%     75.00% |      351830     12.51%     87.50% |      351637     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2813334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       37242     12.51%     12.51% |       37192     12.49%     25.00% |       37202     12.50%     37.50% |       37228     12.50%     50.00% |       37247     12.51%     62.51% |       37184     12.49%     75.00% |       37213     12.50%     87.50% |       37200     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       297708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          80     11.05%     11.05% |         104     14.36%     25.41% |          78     10.77%     36.19% |          94     12.98%     49.17% |          77     10.64%     59.81% |         105     14.50%     74.31% |          92     12.71%     87.02% |          94     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         178     11.33%     11.33% |         206     13.11%     24.44% |         201     12.79%     37.24% |         191     12.16%     49.40% |         196     12.48%     61.87% |         212     13.49%     75.37% |         197     12.54%     87.91% |         190     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total         1571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           4     30.77%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           3     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          64     13.42%     13.42% |          65     13.63%     27.04% |          65     13.63%     40.67% |          69     14.47%     55.14% |          46      9.64%     64.78% |          57     11.95%     76.73% |          51     10.69%     87.42% |          60     12.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           8     16.67%     16.67% |           9     18.75%     35.42% |           4      8.33%     43.75% |           9     18.75%     62.50% |           5     10.42%     72.92% |           4      8.33%     81.25% |           5     10.42%     91.67% |           4      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |           4     19.05%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           3     14.29%     47.62% |           5     23.81%     71.43% |           3     14.29%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           2     20.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           3     30.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       50182     12.53%     12.53% |       50126     12.52%     25.05% |       49950     12.47%     37.52% |       50059     12.50%     50.02% |       50203     12.54%     62.55% |       49983     12.48%     75.04% |       49879     12.45%     87.49% |       50101     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       400483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX |          21     13.29%     13.29% |          27     17.09%     30.38% |          14      8.86%     39.24% |          28     17.72%     56.96% |          15      9.49%     66.46% |          22     13.92%     80.38% |          15      9.49%     89.87% |          16     10.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS |          43     14.33%     14.33% |          38     12.67%     27.00% |          47     15.67%     42.67% |          39     13.00%     55.67% |          27      9.00%     64.67% |          38     12.67%     77.33% |          29      9.67%     87.00% |          39     13.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX |           9     17.31%     17.31% |           5      9.62%     26.92% |           8     15.38%     42.31% |           6     11.54%     53.85% |           5      9.62%     63.46% |           7     13.46%     76.92% |           4      7.69%     84.62% |           8     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS |          14     13.08%     13.08% |          16     14.95%     28.04% |          13     12.15%     40.19% |          12     11.21%     51.40% |           9      8.41%     59.81% |          12     11.21%     71.03% |          17     15.89%     86.92% |          14     13.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         262     11.28%     11.28% |         314     13.52%     24.80% |         295     12.70%     37.49% |         280     12.05%     49.55% |         288     12.40%     61.95% |         300     12.91%     74.86% |         295     12.70%     87.56% |         289     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         2323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           2     20.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           3     30.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       28071     12.61%     12.61% |       27693     12.44%     25.04% |       28138     12.64%     37.68% |       27615     12.40%     50.08% |       27976     12.56%     62.64% |       27785     12.48%     75.11% |       27805     12.49%     87.60% |       27613     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       222696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX |           7      7.78%      7.78% |          10     11.11%     18.89% |          11     12.22%     31.11% |          11     12.22%     43.33% |          10     11.11%     54.44% |          18     20.00%     74.44% |          13     14.44%     88.89% |          10     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS |          20     10.42%     10.42% |          36     18.75%     29.17% |          20     10.42%     39.58% |          25     13.02%     52.60% |          15      7.81%     60.42% |          25     13.02%     73.44% |          25     13.02%     86.46% |          26     13.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS::total          192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           6     17.14%     25.71% |           5     14.29%     40.00% |           7     20.00%     60.00% |           3      8.57%     68.57% |           3      8.57%     77.14% |           7     20.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS |          11     14.47%     14.47% |           8     10.53%     25.00% |           6      7.89%     32.89% |           5      6.58%     39.47% |          18     23.68%     63.16% |          10     13.16%     76.32% |          11     14.47%     90.79% |           7      9.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         157     12.14%     12.14% |         159     12.30%     24.44% |         166     12.84%     37.28% |         169     13.07%     50.35% |         148     11.45%     61.79% |         180     13.92%     75.72% |         163     12.61%     88.32% |         151     11.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           5     10.87%     10.87% |           4      8.70%     19.57% |           6     13.04%     32.61% |           5     10.87%     43.48% |           5     10.87%     54.35% |           5     10.87%     65.22% |           9     19.57%     84.78% |           7     15.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           7     26.92%     50.00% |           4     15.38%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           3     11.54%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |      368883     12.54%     12.54% |      370768     12.60%     25.14% |      366180     12.45%     37.58% |      368589     12.53%     50.11% |      366260     12.45%     62.56% |      366756     12.46%     75.02% |      365550     12.42%     87.45% |      369342     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total      2942328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          58     12.75%     12.75% |          53     11.65%     24.40% |          63     13.85%     38.24% |          60     13.19%     51.43% |          61     13.41%     64.84% |          58     12.75%     77.58% |          53     11.65%     89.23% |          49     10.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS |         113     13.20%     13.20% |         107     12.50%     25.70% |          89     10.40%     36.10% |         118     13.79%     49.88% |         103     12.03%     61.92% |         104     12.15%     74.07% |         110     12.85%     86.92% |         112     13.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX |           2      5.41%      5.41% |           2      5.41%     10.81% |           3      8.11%     18.92% |           4     10.81%     29.73% |           5     13.51%     43.24% |           6     16.22%     59.46% |           7     18.92%     78.38% |           8     21.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS |           5      7.81%      7.81% |          10     15.62%     23.44% |           9     14.06%     37.50% |           7     10.94%     48.44% |           7     10.94%     59.38% |           6      9.38%     68.75% |          10     15.62%     84.38% |          10     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         397     12.32%     12.32% |         388     12.04%     24.36% |         404     12.53%     36.89% |         405     12.57%     49.46% |         423     13.12%     62.58% |         397     12.32%     74.90% |         400     12.41%     87.31% |         409     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         3223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           2      5.41%      5.41% |           2      5.41%     10.81% |           3      8.11%     18.92% |           4     10.81%     29.73% |           5     13.51%     43.24% |           6     16.22%     59.46% |           7     18.92%     78.38% |           8     21.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           5      7.58%      7.58% |          10     15.15%     22.73% |          10     15.15%     37.88% |           7     10.61%     48.48% |           7     10.61%     59.09% |           6      9.09%     68.18% |          10     15.15%     83.33% |          11     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       50268     12.53%     12.53% |       50212     12.52%     25.05% |       50032     12.47%     37.52% |       50144     12.50%     50.03% |       50259     12.53%     62.56% |       50062     12.48%     75.04% |       49947     12.45%     87.49% |       50177     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       401101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           7     16.67%     23.81% |           4      9.52%     33.33% |          10     23.81%     57.14% |           9     21.43%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           5     11.90%     97.62% |           1      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           2     11.11%     22.22% |           6     33.33%     55.56% |           3     16.67%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      204942     12.60%     12.60% |      202848     12.47%     25.06% |      206130     12.67%     37.73% |      200082     12.30%     50.03% |      203587     12.51%     62.55% |      202689     12.46%     75.00% |      203917     12.53%     87.54% |      202766     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      1626961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          39     14.50%     14.50% |          33     12.27%     26.77% |          40     14.87%     41.64% |          32     11.90%     53.53% |          35     13.01%     66.54% |          37     13.75%     80.30% |          23      8.55%     88.85% |          30     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS |          67     13.87%     13.87% |          57     11.80%     25.67% |          50     10.35%     36.02% |          55     11.39%     47.41% |          67     13.87%     61.28% |          55     11.39%     72.67% |          78     16.15%     88.82% |          54     11.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX |           2      6.25%      6.25% |           4     12.50%     18.75% |           4     12.50%     31.25% |           4     12.50%     43.75% |           2      6.25%     50.00% |           3      9.38%     59.38% |           6     18.75%     78.12% |           7     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS |           3      7.69%      7.69% |           5     12.82%     20.51% |           6     15.38%     35.90% |           3      7.69%     43.59% |           3      7.69%     51.28% |           9     23.08%     74.36% |           3      7.69%     82.05% |           7     17.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         254     14.01%     14.01% |         241     13.29%     27.30% |         269     14.84%     42.14% |         230     12.69%     54.83% |         188     10.37%     65.20% |         205     11.31%     76.50% |         237     13.07%     89.58% |         189     10.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           2      5.88%      5.88% |           4     11.76%     17.65% |           4     11.76%     29.41% |           4     11.76%     41.18% |           2      5.88%     47.06% |           3      8.82%     55.88% |           6     17.65%     73.53% |           9     26.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           5     11.63%     18.60% |           6     13.95%     32.56% |           3      6.98%     39.53% |           4      9.30%     48.84% |          10     23.26%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           9     20.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       28111     12.60%     12.60% |       27751     12.44%     25.04% |       28180     12.63%     37.67% |       27662     12.40%     50.07% |       28021     12.56%     62.63% |       27840     12.48%     75.11% |       27858     12.49%     87.60% |       27657     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       223080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |      299437     12.64%     12.64% |      291614     12.31%     24.94% |      300040     12.66%     37.61% |      294904     12.45%     50.05% |      297295     12.55%     62.60% |      297682     12.56%     75.16% |      296197     12.50%     87.66% |      292316     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total      2369485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens |       28116     12.60%     12.60% |       27755     12.44%     25.04% |       28189     12.63%     37.67% |       27663     12.40%     50.07% |       28022     12.56%     62.63% |       27848     12.48%     75.11% |       27865     12.49%     87.60% |       27669     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens::total       223127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX |          91     12.20%     12.20% |          84     11.26%     23.46% |          93     12.47%     35.92% |          86     11.53%     47.45% |          89     11.93%     59.38% |         104     13.94%     73.32% |         107     14.34%     87.67% |          92     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX::total          746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS |         162     11.58%     11.58% |         170     12.15%     23.73% |         175     12.51%     36.24% |         166     11.87%     48.11% |         168     12.01%     60.11% |         182     13.01%     73.12% |         197     14.08%     87.21% |         179     12.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX |           7      9.33%      9.33% |           7      9.33%     18.67% |          11     14.67%     33.33% |           9     12.00%     45.33% |           9     12.00%     57.33% |           7      9.33%     66.67% |          11     14.67%     81.33% |          14     18.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS |          14     16.09%     16.09% |          11     12.64%     28.74% |          14     16.09%     44.83% |          10     11.49%     56.32% |           6      6.90%     63.22% |          10     11.49%     74.71% |           6      6.90%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        1490     12.66%     12.66% |        1497     12.72%     25.38% |        1481     12.58%     37.97% |        1533     13.03%     50.99% |        1450     12.32%     63.32% |        1430     12.15%     75.47% |        1485     12.62%     88.09% |        1402     11.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        11768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout |       11350     12.29%     12.29% |       11952     12.94%     25.23% |       11592     12.55%     37.79% |       11673     12.64%     50.43% |       11642     12.61%     63.03% |       12065     13.06%     76.10% |       11189     12.12%     88.21% |       10884     11.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout::total        92347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |      532944     12.47%     12.47% |      536264     12.55%     25.03% |      533787     12.49%     37.52% |      533903     12.50%     50.02% |      537131     12.57%     62.59% |      532381     12.46%     75.05% |      532564     12.47%     87.51% |      533409     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total      4272383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared |         161     11.42%     11.42% |         183     12.98%     24.40% |         179     12.70%     37.09% |         172     12.20%     49.29% |         181     12.84%     62.13% |         196     13.90%     76.03% |         171     12.13%     88.16% |         167     11.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared::total         1410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner |          23     12.71%     12.71% |          27     14.92%     27.62% |          18      9.94%     37.57% |          32     17.68%     55.25% |          19     10.50%     65.75% |          19     10.50%     76.24% |          22     12.15%     88.40% |          21     11.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens |       50275     12.53%     12.53% |       50230     12.52%     25.05% |       50045     12.47%     37.52% |       50163     12.50%     50.02% |       50276     12.53%     62.55% |       50080     12.48%     75.04% |       49968     12.45%     87.49% |       50197     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens::total       401234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX |         166     12.43%     12.43% |         155     11.61%     24.04% |         154     11.54%     35.58% |         158     11.84%     47.42% |         175     13.11%     60.52% |         167     12.51%     73.03% |         173     12.96%     85.99% |         187     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX::total         1335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS |         299     12.83%     12.83% |         296     12.70%     25.53% |         280     12.01%     37.54% |         291     12.48%     50.02% |         305     13.08%     63.11% |         290     12.44%     75.55% |         281     12.05%     87.60% |         289     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS::total         2331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX |          15     13.89%     13.89% |          16     14.81%     28.70% |           9      8.33%     37.04% |          21     19.44%     56.48% |          12     11.11%     67.59% |          13     12.04%     79.63% |           9      8.33%     87.96% |          13     12.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS |          18     10.40%     10.40% |          26     15.03%     25.43% |          18     10.40%     35.84% |          20     11.56%     47.40% |          22     12.72%     60.12% |          23     13.29%     73.41% |          21     12.14%     85.55% |          25     14.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS::total          173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        2610     12.37%     12.37% |        2723     12.90%     25.27% |        2688     12.74%     38.00% |        2642     12.52%     50.52% |        2599     12.31%     62.83% |        2611     12.37%     75.20% |        2600     12.32%     87.52% |        2634     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        21107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout |       20715     12.64%     12.64% |       20672     12.62%     25.26% |       20636     12.60%     37.86% |       20865     12.74%     50.60% |       19969     12.19%     62.78% |       19327     11.80%     74.58% |       20579     12.56%     87.14% |       21063     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout::total       163826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load  |          25     14.79%     14.79% |          20     11.83%     26.63% |          27     15.98%     42.60% |          20     11.83%     54.44% |          19     11.24%     65.68% |          23     13.61%     79.29% |          14      8.28%     87.57% |          21     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load::total          169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store |          13     12.87%     12.87% |          10      9.90%     22.77% |           9      8.91%     31.68% |          10      9.90%     41.58% |           9      8.91%     50.50% |          12     11.88%     62.38% |          12     11.88%     74.26% |          26     25.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement |         199     14.75%     14.75% |          82      6.08%     20.83% |         164     12.16%     32.99% |         125      9.27%     42.25% |         215     15.94%     58.19% |         214     15.86%     74.05% |         136     10.08%     84.14% |         214     15.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement::total         1349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens |          25     21.37%     21.37% |          25     21.37%     42.74% |          16     13.68%     56.41% |          17     14.53%     70.94% |          11      9.40%     80.34% |           9      7.69%     88.03% |           7      5.98%     94.02% |           7      5.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX |          79     12.93%     12.93% |          81     13.26%     26.19% |          78     12.77%     38.95% |          75     12.27%     51.23% |          83     13.58%     64.81% |          76     12.44%     77.25% |          77     12.60%     89.85% |          62     10.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total          611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS |         118     12.30%     12.30% |         117     12.20%     24.50% |         125     13.03%     37.54% |         126     13.14%     50.68% |         118     12.30%     62.98% |         119     12.41%     75.39% |         124     12.93%     88.32% |         112     11.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total          959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX |       11854     12.46%     12.46% |       11861     12.47%     24.93% |       11846     12.45%     37.38% |       11820     12.42%     49.80% |       11959     12.57%     62.37% |       11960     12.57%     74.94% |       11862     12.47%     87.41% |       11980     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX::total        95142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS |       21353     12.53%     12.53% |       21226     12.45%     24.98% |       21268     12.48%     37.46% |       21306     12.50%     49.96% |       21323     12.51%     62.47% |       21334     12.52%     74.98% |       21354     12.53%     87.51% |       21292     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS::total       170456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          32     11.27%     11.27% |          30     10.56%     21.83% |          33     11.62%     33.45% |          30     10.56%     44.01% |          37     13.03%     57.04% |          41     14.44%     71.48% |          38     13.38%     84.86% |          43     15.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement |          73     15.67%     15.67% |          84     18.03%     33.69% |         101     21.67%     55.36% |          62     13.30%     68.67% |          39      8.37%     77.04% |          62     13.30%     90.34% |          32      6.87%     97.21% |          13      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement::total          466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           2     16.67%     25.00% |           2     16.67%     41.67% |           2     16.67%     58.33% |           2     16.67%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          21     11.73%     11.73% |          27     15.08%     26.82% |          23     12.85%     39.66% |          19     10.61%     50.28% |          17      9.50%     59.78% |          20     11.17%     70.95% |          27     15.08%     86.03% |          25     13.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement |         154     10.84%     10.84% |         114      8.02%     18.86% |         128      9.01%     27.87% |         243     17.10%     44.97% |         154     10.84%     55.81% |         232     16.33%     72.13% |         155     10.91%     83.04% |         241     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement::total         1421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           5     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           3     14.29%     19.05% |           3     14.29%     33.33% |           3     14.29%     47.62% |           4     19.05%     66.67% |           4     19.05%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          33     12.89%     12.89% |          28     10.94%     23.83% |          34     13.28%     37.11% |          29     11.33%     48.44% |          23      8.98%     57.42% |          28     10.94%     68.36% |          29     11.33%     79.69% |          52     20.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout |          67     13.99%     13.99% |          46      9.60%     23.59% |          99     20.67%     44.26% |          33      6.89%     51.15% |          55     11.48%     62.63% |          65     13.57%     76.20% |          88     18.37%     94.57% |          26      5.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout::total          479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement |         347     11.60%     11.60% |         311     10.39%     21.99% |         298      9.96%     31.95% |         460     15.37%     47.33% |         393     13.14%     60.46% |         429     14.34%     74.80% |         252      8.42%     83.22% |         502     16.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement::total         2992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           3     14.29%     28.57% |           2      9.52%     38.10% |           6     28.57%     66.67% |           7     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           3     11.11%     14.81% |           2      7.41%     22.22% |           3     11.11%     33.33% |           7     25.93%     59.26% |           5     18.52%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           4     14.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          58     12.95%     12.95% |          62     13.84%     26.79% |          53     11.83%     38.62% |          61     13.62%     52.23% |          53     11.83%     64.06% |          59     13.17%     77.23% |          44      9.82%     87.05% |          58     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout |          85      8.94%      8.94% |          63      6.62%     15.56% |         105     11.04%     26.60% |         174     18.30%     44.90% |         118     12.41%     57.31% |         147     15.46%     72.77% |         138     14.51%     87.28% |         121     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout::total          951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         402821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS_Last_Token           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         223141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_INV             725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       596277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Shared_Data          993      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_All_Tokens       623830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Owned          401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX        13646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS        24437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        37795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       401544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       222452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_INV          530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Shared_Data          939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_All_Tokens       595040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Owned          306      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        32275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETX           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_INV             1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L2_Replacement         5874      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_All_Tokens          243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_Owned            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS_Last_Token           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Shared_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_All_Tokens           76      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Owned            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_INV             1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement          873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_Shared_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_All_Tokens          578      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       587916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX         2224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS         4020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETS           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_INV          193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L2_Replacement          760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Shared_Data           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_All_Tokens        27893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Owned           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX        11417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS        20386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock         5505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.L2_Replacement            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Writeback_Shared_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock           15      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
