
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.904915                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2904914753500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2904914753500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 754235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   909375                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            19474929667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 559844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   149.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112502966                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     135643907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           552740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4263328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           636352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4758276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10212232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       552740                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       636352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1189092                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7616448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7633972                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             17090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             67133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              9943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             74349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                168539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          119007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               123388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              190278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1467626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              219060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1638009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3515501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         190278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         219060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             409338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2621918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2627950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2621918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             190278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1473656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             219060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1638012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide             330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6143452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        168539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       159612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      168539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     159612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10780160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9866880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10212232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9952308                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       99                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    5435                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4495                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                9752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                9989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               9791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               9939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               9802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               9776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               10290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2904914374000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    9558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  158967                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 155231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    167646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     8545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     8818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     9964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    10419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    11010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        60664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      340.349730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     196.021429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     354.920810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          21349     35.19%     35.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14624     24.11%     59.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5778      9.52%     68.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3154      5.20%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2318      3.82%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1542      2.54%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1044      1.72%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1115      1.84%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9740     16.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          60664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        27.148614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      546.636063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6203     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        24.850097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.346548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.047003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                14      0.23%      0.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                12      0.19%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                8      0.13%      0.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              18      0.29%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4939     79.61%     80.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              68      1.10%     81.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              50      0.81%     82.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             255      4.11%     86.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             123      1.98%     88.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              43      0.69%     89.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              46      0.74%     89.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              38      0.61%     90.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             127      2.05%     92.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              11      0.18%     92.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              16      0.26%     92.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               8      0.13%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              34      0.55%     93.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              17      0.27%     93.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              13      0.21%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              28      0.45%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              70      1.13%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              11      0.18%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               7      0.11%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              13      0.21%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              92      1.48%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.02%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            13      0.21%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             5      0.08%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            13      0.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             4      0.06%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             6      0.10%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             3      0.05%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            29      0.47%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            12      0.19%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             7      0.11%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.03%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             6      0.10%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             6      0.10%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             4      0.06%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             4      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             2      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             2      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             6      0.10%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             2      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             2      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             2      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             2      0.03%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             1      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             3      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1487388750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4645638750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    842200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8830.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27580.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     138839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    123106                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8852370.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      81.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2756204372250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       97001320000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       51708967750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 232462440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 226157400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 126839625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 123399375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                696064200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                617760000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               498059280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               500962320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          189734581920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          189734581920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           86971409685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           86091461640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1666655279250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1667427163500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1944914696400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1944721486155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.526666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.460155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    12308215                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6223                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    9796614                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1025                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2937                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     436                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    4667                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   862                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      219                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                12314438                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                9797639                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         22104829                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           7248                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     22112077                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    58194599                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3600                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2937                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     436                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2765                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                58198199                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         58194599                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3600                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     58198199                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2905784484                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   56652370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68154355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             60226518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5995                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4919534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      7679282                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    60226518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5995                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          109459523                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          41576844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                4468                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1530                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           246082665                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           26221599                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     22745945                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   12471278                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  10274667                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2686990403.807933                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              218794080.192067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.075296                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.924704                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         13013332                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2203      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 46892920     67.27%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58660      0.08%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4258      0.01%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                12471278     17.89%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               10274667     14.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  69703986                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3038                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           822947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.850765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           43250055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           823459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.522415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        876905250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   320.083666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   191.767099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.625163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.374545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        177185510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       177185510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     11600521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     11519661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23120182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      9401520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      9429674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18831194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       198556                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       193555                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       392111                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       227604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       215818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       443422                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       235826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       224574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       460400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     21002041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     20949335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        41951376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     21200597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     21142890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       42343487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       199517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       203195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       402712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       147894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       150849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       298743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        56657                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        62315                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       118972                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        11128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11639                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22767                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       347411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       354044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        701455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       404068                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       416359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       820427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2923278500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3014210500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5937489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5689271509                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6091520937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11780792446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135155000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    145306000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    280461000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        75500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8612550009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9105731437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17718281446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8612550009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9105731437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17718281446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11800038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     11722856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23522894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9549414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9580523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19129937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       255213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       255870                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       511083                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238732                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       227457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       466189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       460402                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     21349452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     21303379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42652831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     21604665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     21559249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43163914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221999                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.243542                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051170                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048836                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14651.776540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14834.078102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14743.759808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38468.575527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40381.579838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39434.538871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12145.488857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12484.405877                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12318.750824                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        75500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24790.665837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25719.208451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25259.327321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21314.605485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21869.904186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21596.414362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       686899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           686899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7030                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         7175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        14205                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       202851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       147894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       150849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       298743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        55774                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61059                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       116833                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4098                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       347139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       353700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       700839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       402913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       414759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       817672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2517898250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2600172750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5118071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5366137441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5759365015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11125502456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677278250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    762448500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1439726750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48257750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     52710750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100968500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        73500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        73500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       147000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7884035691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8359537765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16243573456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8561313941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9121986265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17683300206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2688812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3102617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5791429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2186315500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2243484000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4429799500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4875127500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5346101000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10221228500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218539                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.238633                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228599                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017166                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019626                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018366                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12637.196667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12818.141148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12728.480263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36283.672367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38179.669835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37241.048179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12143.261197                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12487.078072                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12322.946000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11775.927282                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11807.963710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11792.630227                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        73500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        73500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22711.466274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23634.542734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23177.325257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21248.542343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21993.461902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21626.398123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1699785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.774941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          113901535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1700297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            66.989200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      25359588250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   418.326028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    92.448913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.817043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.180564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        117302141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       117302141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     57346605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     56554930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      113901535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     57346605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     56554930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       113901535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     57346605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     56554930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      113901535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1700303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1700303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1700303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11562218249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11735358750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23297576999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11562218249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11735358750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  23297576999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11562218249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11735358750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  23297576999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     58194599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     57407239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    115601838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     58194599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     57407239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    115601838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     58194599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     57407239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    115601838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13634.787804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13768.901596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.014876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13634.787804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13768.901596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.014876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13634.787804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13768.901596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.014876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1700303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1700303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       847994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       852309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1700303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9863343751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10027058250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19890402001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9863343751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10027058250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19890402001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9863343751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10027058250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19890402001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11631.383891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11764.580979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.151448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11631.383891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11764.580979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.151448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11631.383891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11764.580979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.151448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    12222550                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      5478                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    9817405                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      801                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2935                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     481                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    4101                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   936                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      226                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12228028                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                9818206                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         22039955                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           6279                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     22046234                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    57407239                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3155                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2935                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     481                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2356                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                57410394                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         57407239                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3155                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     57410394                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2904045023                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   55850596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67489552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             59717976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4978644                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7556287                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    59717976                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          108697708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          41105654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4046                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1186                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           243864682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           25692319                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     22680019                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   12382292                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  10297727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2693854199.172201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              210190823.827799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.072379                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.927621                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         12914403                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  134      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 46321486     67.07%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56040      0.08%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4215      0.01%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                12382292     17.93%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               10297727     14.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69061894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22814                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           347067538                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36804503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36424                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.084296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         309429812000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     1.084296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.067768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.067768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328122                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   9591408658                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   9591408658                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 264780.495197                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264780.495197                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         55572                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.744147                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                36190                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   7707754664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7707754664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 212780.329726                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212780.329726                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    89435                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64927.975067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2767630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   154676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    17.893080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50554.064375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.943925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3889.108934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2070.927660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     4.768402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     5762.879674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2645.281633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.771394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.059343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.031600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.087935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.040364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.990722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26305647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26305647                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         6459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             839902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             253579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             842358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             261770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2215505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          686899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               686899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            84423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            80742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               165165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          6459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              839902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              338002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          2754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              842358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              342512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2380670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         6459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             839902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             338002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             842358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             342512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2380670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             8073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             9945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                30169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1350                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1371                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2721                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          62109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          68725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              8073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             67647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              9945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             75329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                161003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             8073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            67647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             9945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            75329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               161003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587283750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    423908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    720510250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    501409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2233827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       208991                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       255489                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       464480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        72500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        72500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4316828816                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4740993910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9057822726                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587283750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4740736816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    720510250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5242402910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11291649726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587283750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4740736816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    720510250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5242402910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11291649726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         847975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         259117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         852303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         268374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2245674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       686899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           686899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1362                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1382                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2744                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       146532                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       149467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          847975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          405649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          852303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          417841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2541673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         847975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         405649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         852303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         417841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2541673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.021373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992041                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991618                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.459800                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.442008                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.166762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.180281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.166762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.180281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72746.655518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76545.323221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72449.497235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75925.045427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74043.786668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   154.808148                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   186.352298                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   170.701948                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        72500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        72500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        72500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69504.078572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68984.996872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69231.413287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72746.655518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70080.518220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72449.497235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69593.422321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70133.163519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72746.655518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70080.518220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72449.497235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69593.422321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70133.163519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               82817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    82817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1350                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        62109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        130834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           161003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          161003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    485290250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    354860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    594715250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    418989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854458500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13542350                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13818371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27360721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        60500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3521814184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3860607090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7382421274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    485290250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3876674184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    594715250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4279596090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9236879774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    485290250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3876674184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    594715250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4279596090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9236879774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    474215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2496184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2889814500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5860213500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1999833000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2098478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4098311500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    474215000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4496017000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4988293000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9958525000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991189                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992041                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991618                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.459800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60112.752384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64077.284218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59800.427350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63444.730466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61469.007922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10031.370370                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10079.045222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10055.391768                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        60500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56703.765702                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56174.712113                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56425.862345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60112.752384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57307.407335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59800.427350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56812.065606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57370.855040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60112.752384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57307.407335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59800.427350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56812.065606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57370.855040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            119007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            129060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           129060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       437896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       545560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       108887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       108887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 654447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15529084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     15692509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4635456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4635456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20327965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              498                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            319191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  319191    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              319191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            87172500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1662315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1640286255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38333497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2303097                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2303082                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           686899                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2744                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2746                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           295999                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          295999                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3418625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2457116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        18180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        34622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5928543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    108853880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     96862117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        24836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        46784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              205787617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           53694                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3284793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.011099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.104766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3248335     98.89%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36458      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3284793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4419462750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           985500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        7665779999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3782690745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          11971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          22951201                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
