
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 51.358466                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                51358465585500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51358465585500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124397                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   146176                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7088870517                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 677952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7244.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   901249371                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1059038863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       144192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       134400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          3960256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         28248856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       172736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       160128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          3375488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         26920496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        423040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             63539592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3960256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      3375488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         7335744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     82068736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         20580                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          82089316                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         2253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         2100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             61879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            441396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         2699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         2502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst             52742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            420638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           6610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                992819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1282324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             2573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1284897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          2808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          2617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               77110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              550033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          3363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          3118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               65724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              524169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             8237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1237179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          77110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          65724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             142834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1597959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data                401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1598360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1597959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         2808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         2617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              77110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             550434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         3363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         3118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              65724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             524169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide            8237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2835539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        992819                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1909642                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      992819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1909642                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 63506944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     33472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 121761344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  63539592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              122072996                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      523                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    7111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          37069                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               60948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               60211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               58469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               57182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               59427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               69894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               60719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               60135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               57063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               84498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              60252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              64911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              58664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              62105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              58293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              59525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              119395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              117730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              117506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              117615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              116969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              124824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              116994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              119672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              117205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              123532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             118074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             121555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             115761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             122535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             116498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             116656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          94                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    51358464467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  992804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1907069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    594810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    261742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     92458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     39543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    38063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    69896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    79199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    93003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   104514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   119076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   117779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   128388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   124328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   136701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   126686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   112871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   105936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   106364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    92202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    90503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    89684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    85602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     5964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     4975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     4275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     4024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     3728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     3450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     3239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     3237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     3041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     2905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     2816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     2728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     2633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     2541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     2466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     2439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     2243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     2077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     1760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     1504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                     1298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                     1161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       619163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      299.223151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     170.216009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     336.259099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         254617     41.12%     41.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       146485     23.66%     64.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55354      8.94%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28104      4.54%     78.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20475      3.31%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12983      2.10%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10576      1.71%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9506      1.54%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        81063     13.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         619163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         77925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        12.733693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       58.402560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           77917     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           77925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         77925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        24.414771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       21.404795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       17.389828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                83      0.11%      0.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                12      0.02%      0.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11               10      0.01%      0.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              84      0.11%      0.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           52239     67.04%     67.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            2830      3.63%     70.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             709      0.91%     71.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            6561      8.42%     80.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            7338      9.42%     89.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            1031      1.32%     90.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            1085      1.39%     92.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            1174      1.51%     93.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             800      1.03%     94.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             285      0.37%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             381      0.49%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             214      0.27%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             366      0.47%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             298      0.38%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             251      0.32%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             217      0.28%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             385      0.49%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             175      0.22%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             111      0.14%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             109      0.14%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             293      0.38%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            79      0.10%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            56      0.07%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            98      0.13%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115           168      0.22%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            47      0.06%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            31      0.04%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            43      0.06%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           108      0.14%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            28      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            23      0.03%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            23      0.03%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147            29      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151            14      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            15      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159            12      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            14      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167            22      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            10      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             7      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            16      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             2      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             7      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             5      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::204-207             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             4      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-235             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::236-239             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-243             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::244-247             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-251             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           77925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    27174725250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               45780275250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   4961480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       27385.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  46135.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     765740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1509913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   77.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     17694799.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49399135941008                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1714971960000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      244357347492                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                2363029200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                2317843080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                1289351250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1264696125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               3798436200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               3941425800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              6160568400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              6167767680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3354485153760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3354485153760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1233743623290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1233089726130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          29732846799750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          29733420393750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            34334686961850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            34334687006325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.530261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.530262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total          2212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           15                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           27                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           42                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1666                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6826496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1669                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              131952150                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         89649773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          5822015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            90992883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               64634149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.032093                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               17244860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            187476                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   105327476                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    614604                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   81433492                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                   261715                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1084                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    529                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   54785                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      190                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  8902                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                    53829                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               105942080                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               81695207                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        186760968                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         876319                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    187637287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    94794688                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                    101824                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1084                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    529                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   41122                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                   203923                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                94896512                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         94794688                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                         101824                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     94896512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       673746678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles         246770894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     586838334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  131952150                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          81879009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    386930341                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles               13253583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   2358226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               20576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             5110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5338145                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       169787                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2046                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 94573624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes              3603023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  38939                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         648221646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.060144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.307830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               503028040     77.60%     77.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                18376002      2.83%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                18277372      2.82%     83.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                13314289      2.05%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                28669690      4.42%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 8974243      1.38%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 9730545      1.50%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 8410547      1.30%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                39440918      6.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           648221646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.195848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.871007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles               200186064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            323821330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                105067312                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles             13887509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               5257280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved            19546951                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred              1388336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             640651678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts              4275147                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               5257280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles               207892852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28836524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles     254594010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                111072647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             40565977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             625329125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                73391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2369804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1783636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              20590537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4721                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          598881072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            965488055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       739733763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           970310                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            502829107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                96051965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts          15333341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13384841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 78497988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads           100792231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           85691546                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         13482087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        14436592                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 593155856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15408534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                593869164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           811141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       75391106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     52735595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        350692                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    648221646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.916151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.637744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          413675393     63.82%     63.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           99838135     15.40%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           43354420      6.69%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           30999055      4.78%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23185151      3.58%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           15937923      2.46%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           10813303      1.67%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            6331141      0.98%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            4087125      0.63%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      648221646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2980479     25.39%     25.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 23946      0.20%     25.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   2481      0.02%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               3      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4885958     41.63%     67.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              3844513     32.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            402330448     67.75%     67.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1450246      0.24%     67.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                67448      0.01%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  1      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              9      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             14      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             25      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         71724      0.01%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           107439270     18.09%     86.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           82509979     13.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             593869164                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.881443                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   11737380                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1847356027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        684092325                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    571253396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1152468                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            551459                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       500772                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             604990335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 616209                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4719298                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16584124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        22051                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       699484                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8981937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      3863484                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8859794                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               5257280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15355080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles             11717568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          608700724                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1772426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            100792231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            85691546                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          13094550                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                251810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             11354978                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        699484                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2666409                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2277536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             4943945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            587171511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            105317678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          5833659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       136334                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   186754203                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches               108711734                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  81436525                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.871502                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     572939308                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    571754168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                281506422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                489082927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.848619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575580                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       81075036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       15057842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          4452233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    634439872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.831521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.823079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    439457438     69.27%     69.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     96886239     15.27%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33460731      5.27%     89.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     15060049      2.37%     92.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10644464      1.68%     93.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6550765      1.03%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5894426      0.93%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      4022234      0.63%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22463526      3.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    634439872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           448815056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             527549931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     160917716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     84208107                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                    3677805                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                 100249360                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    481111                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                484287281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            13244362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       365417797     69.27%     69.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1102287      0.21%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49909      0.01%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            8      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           13      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           21      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        62180      0.01%     69.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       84208107     15.96%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      76709609     14.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        527549931                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             22463526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1216684794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1231052317                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        4081993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       25525032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                 47131326354                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  448815056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    527549931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.501168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.501168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.666148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.666148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               692564361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              407943900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   896391                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  528896                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                125905812                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               126977702                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             2322757937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes              15198906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         10638925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.983549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          304517896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10639437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.621617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1654841000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   289.769940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   222.213609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.565957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.434011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1345465491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1345465491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     79979109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     80848758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      160827867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     67346505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     67891780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     135238285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       204132                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       199440                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       403572                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       171160                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       153591                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       324751                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1784441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data      1798021                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3582462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      2031437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data      2062591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      4094028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    147325614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    148740538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       296066152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    147529746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    148939978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      296469724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      6500737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6533272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     13034009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6519313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      6481267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13000580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       668156                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       654202                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1322358                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       633593                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data       607646                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total      1241239                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       311874                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       325474                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       637348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     13020050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     13014539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      26034589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     13688206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     13668741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     27356947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111607932917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 111225009746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 222832942663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 259750103307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 246979475075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 506729578382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25310357673                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23982059689                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  49292417362                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4526632473                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4625804945                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   9152437418                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       268001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       294001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 371358036224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 358204484821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 729562521045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 371358036224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 358204484821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 729562521045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     86479846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     87382030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173861876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     73865818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     74373047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    148238865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       872288                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       853642                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1725930                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       804753                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       761237                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1565990                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2096315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2123495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4219810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2031439                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2062601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4094040                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    160345664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    161755077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    322100741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    161217952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    162608719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    323826671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.765981                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.766366                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.766171                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787314                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.798235                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.792623                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.148772                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.153273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.080458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17168.504574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17024.396006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17096.270431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39843.171099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38106.665730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38977.459343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39947.344230                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39467.156353                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39712.269242                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14514.298957                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14212.517574                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14360.188497                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26800.100000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24500.083333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28522.013066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27523.409382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28022.816917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27129.781377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26206.106680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26668.272635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     59155859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        42706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          3724749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            967                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.881838                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    44.163392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8137324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          8137324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3661999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      3663033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7325032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      5427863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      5389700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10817563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3334                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         3491                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total         6825                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189406                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       198198                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       387604                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9089862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9052733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18142595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9089862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9052733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18142595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2838738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2870239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5708977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1091450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1091567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2183017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       661474                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       648177                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total      1309651                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       630259                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       604155                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1234414                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       122468                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       127276                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       249744                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3930188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3961806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7891994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4591662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4609983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9201645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43024166867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  43656462738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86680629605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40600883832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  38849310828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79450194660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13171462044                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12577725489                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25749187533                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23923452719                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22638090123                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46561542842                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1614671914                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1630090692                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3244762606                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       247999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  83625050699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  82505773566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 166130824265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  96796512743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  95083499055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191880011798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2877179750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2839380752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5716560502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2798393044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2781680461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5580073505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5675572794                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5621061213                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11296634007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014776                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758321                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.759308                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758809                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783171                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.793649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788264                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059937                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059184                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15156.089384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15210.044438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15183.215768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37199.032326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35590.404279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36394.675195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19912.289892                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19404.769822                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19661.106305                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37958.129466                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37470.665844                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37719.551821                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13184.439315                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12807.526101                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12992.354595                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24799.900000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22499.916667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21277.620994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20825.293708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21050.551263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21080.931642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20625.563924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20852.794451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         16118591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.955303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          173100510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         16119103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.738843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      13625340000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   274.422577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   237.532726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.535982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.463931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        206488523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       206488523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     85967347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     87133163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      173100510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     85967347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     87133163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       173100510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     85967347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     87133163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      173100510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      8593751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      8674986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17268737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      8593751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      8674986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      17268737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      8593751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      8674986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     17268737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114914016470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 115519885429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 230433901899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114914016470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 115519885429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 230433901899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114914016470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 115519885429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 230433901899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     94561098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     95808149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    190369247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     94561098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     95808149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    190369247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     94561098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     95808149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    190369247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13371.811270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.434796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13343.992783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13371.811270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.434796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13343.992783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13371.811270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.434796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13343.992783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        69035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             6155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.216084                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       567050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       582411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1149461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       567050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       582411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1149461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       567050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       582411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1149461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8026701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8092575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16119276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8026701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8092575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16119276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8026701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8092575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16119276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  93925882851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  94357511095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188283393946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  93925882851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  94357511095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 188283393946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  93925882851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  94357511095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 188283393946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    916338250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    595537750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1511876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    916338250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    595537750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1511876000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11701.679538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11659.763560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11680.635901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11701.679538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11659.763560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11680.635901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11701.679538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11659.763560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11680.635901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups              133577738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         90779695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect          5949901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            90899106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               65330171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.871082                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               17378415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            188946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   106064392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    610373                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   82025488                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                   271302                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1088                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              22250                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    540                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   55877                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      229                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  8683                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                    56886                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               106674765                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               82296790                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        188089880                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         881675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    188971555                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    96043604                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                    103294                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1088                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              22250                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    540                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   41299                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                   205516                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                96146898                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         96043604                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                         103294                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     96146898                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       675301208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles         248765293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     593949498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                  133577738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          82708586                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                    386843919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles               13545666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                   2415137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               21504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             4007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5459319                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       169387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1822                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 95816300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes              3685759                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  39432                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         650452950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.068285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.315163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               503682671     77.44%     77.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                18498717      2.84%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                18563467      2.85%     83.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                13597541      2.09%     85.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                28733288      4.42%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 9099977      1.40%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 9814186      1.51%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 8571904      1.32%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                39891199      6.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           650452950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.197805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.879533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles               201647992                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles            323236826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                106239229                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles             13947017                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               5379639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved            19860273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred              1413177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             647237018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts              4350385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               5379639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles               209424655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               28067269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles     255930457                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                112228565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             39419858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             631550288                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                96632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               2287540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents               1813390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents              19429955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4996                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          604714007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            972949887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       746652224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           816553                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            506435319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                98278683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts          15335388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13342018                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 78452935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads           101901110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           86377507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads         13921613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores        14837029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 598946566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15418828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                598874973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           821829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       77129289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53862821                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        352968                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    650452950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.920705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.641335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          414330356     63.70%     63.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          100076970     15.39%     79.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           43847279      6.74%     85.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           31289942      4.81%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23378361      3.59%     94.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           16103120      2.48%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           10912961      1.68%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            6384879      0.98%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            4129082      0.63%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      650452950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                3013028     25.67%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 23161      0.20%     25.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   2816      0.02%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               2      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4848351     41.30%     67.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              3852019     32.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            405949153     67.79%     67.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1474390      0.25%     68.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                66030      0.01%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                142      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         56962      0.01%     68.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           108207982     18.07%     86.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           83120313     13.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             598874973                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.886826                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   11739377                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019602                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1859775645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        691731884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    576296193                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             988457                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            469794                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       425393                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses             610086136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 528213                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4764786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16932520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        21750                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       718636                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9175857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      3929336                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8527630                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               5379639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               15396107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles             10835641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          614503705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1815595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            101901110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            86377507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          13042378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                259470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             10465486                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        718636                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2720399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2342418                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts             5062817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            592014750                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            106053814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          5994040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       138311                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                   188080635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches               109728675                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  82026821                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.876668                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     577948748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    576721586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                284303568                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                493660086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.854021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575910                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       82926260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       15065860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts          4556436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    636355753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.835207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.827690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    440359254     69.20%     69.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     97084176     15.26%     84.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33726039      5.30%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     15156809      2.38%     92.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10762314      1.69%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6601636      1.04%     94.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5939289      0.93%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      4020807      0.63%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22705429      3.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    636355753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           452434315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             531488932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                     162170239                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     84968589                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                    3740598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                 101032588                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    407528                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                487762142                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls            13294479                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       368091914     69.26%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1129647      0.21%     69.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49240      0.01%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        47892      0.01%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       84968589     15.99%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      77201650     14.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        531488932                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             22705429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                  1224024924                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                 1242947045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        4091922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       24848258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 54236174505                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  452434315                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    531488932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.492595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.492595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.669974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.669974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               697864723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes              411651158                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                   767907                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                  473740                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                126991866                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes               128085324                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads             2338745159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes              15183498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40379                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40379                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              30069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       106664                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       230954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       230954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7334248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7334248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7492654                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy          1042420321                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           178996533                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115458                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               10.429567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         13090570223000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.541524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     6.888043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.221345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.430503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.651848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1039650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1039650                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8853                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1921756799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1927241799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide  28951102989                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  28951102989                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1921756799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1927580799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1921756799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1927580799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 148243.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 218059.321343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217767.434915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 271423.376106                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 271423.376106                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 218059.321343                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217731.932565                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 218059.321343                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217731.932565                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        227766                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27719                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.216963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          106630                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               106630                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1463357813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466918813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide  23404023041                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23404023041                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1463357813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1467101813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1463357813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1467101813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 96243.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 166045.366277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165753.538192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 219418.201464                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219418.201464                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 166045.366277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165718.040551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 166045.366277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165718.040551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                  1389484                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65352.106394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                   31455593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                  1452181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.660931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               2484843000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   35806.671040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   143.176301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   245.153324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3359.514416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    11467.907347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   184.237244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   273.594467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3844.520884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    10027.331371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.546366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.051262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.174986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.002811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.004175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.058663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.153005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.997194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        62354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951447                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                295633480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses               295633480                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       538849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       186240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst            7977279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data            3458474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       540473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       189439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst            8047769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data            3485516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total               24424039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8137324                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              8137324                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       356242                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       359953                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       716195                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            4893                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            5150                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10043                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           790931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           806807                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total              1597738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        538849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        186240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst             7977279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data             4249405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        540473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker        189439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst             8047769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data             4292323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                26021777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       538849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       186240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst            7977279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data            4249405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       540473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       189439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst            8047769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data            4292323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total               26021777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            49402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           157936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            44633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           153451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               415088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       274017                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data       244202                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       518219                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         17737                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         18576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             36313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         284159                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data         267759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             551918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             49402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            442095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             44633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            421210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                967006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            49402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           442095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            44633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           421210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               967006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    184273245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    176430743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3875377998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13368382174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    220451240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    205887741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3497850741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13033563402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    34562217284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1654929                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1558933                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total      3213862                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    209908987                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    215407746                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    425316733                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       146000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27816673691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  25868839673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  53685513364                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    184273245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    176430743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3875377998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41185055865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    220451240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    205887741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3497850741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  38902403075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     88247730648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    184273245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    176430743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3875377998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41185055865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    220451240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    205887741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3497850741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  38902403075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    88247730648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       541121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       188376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        8026681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        3616410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       543186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       191984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        8092402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        3638967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total           24839127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8137324                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          8137324                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       630259                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       604155                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1234414                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22630                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        23726                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           46356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1075090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1074566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2149656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       541121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       188376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         8026681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         4691500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       543186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       191984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         8092402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         4713533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total            26988783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       541121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       188376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        8026681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        4691500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       543186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       191984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        8092402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        4713533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total           26988783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.006155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.043672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.042169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434769                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.404204                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.419810                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783783                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.782939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.783351                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.249179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.256747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.094233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.089362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.035830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.094233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.089362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.035830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 81106.181778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 82598.662453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78445.771386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84644.300058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 81257.368227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 80898.915914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78369.160509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84936.321054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83264.795137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data     6.039512                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data     6.383785                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total     6.201745                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11834.525963                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11596.024225                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11712.519841                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97891.228823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96612.400229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97270.814440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 81106.181778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 82598.662453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78445.771386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93158.836596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 81257.368227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 80898.915914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78369.160509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92358.688243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91258.720885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 81106.181778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 82598.662453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78445.771386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93158.836596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 81257.368227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 80898.915914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78369.160509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92358.688243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91258.720885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks             1175694                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                  1175694                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        49400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        44631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       153443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          414951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274017                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       244202                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       518219                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17737                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        36313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       284159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       267759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        551918                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        49400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       442082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        44631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       421202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           966869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         2100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        49400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       442082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         2502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        44631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       421202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          966869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    154831495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    147977993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3255321002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11404425184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    185796240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    171797741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2937376759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11125453714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29382980128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10490770082                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9554022676                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20044792758                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177667232                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    186014070                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363681302                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       132001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24275927309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22531972819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46807900128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    154831495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    147977993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3255321002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35680352493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    185796240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    171797741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2937376759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33657426533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  76190880256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    154831495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    147977993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3255321002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35680352493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    185796240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    171797741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2937376759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33657426533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  76190880256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    654614249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2657099750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    425309250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2619741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6356764499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2581434500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2590216000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5171650500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    654614249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5238534250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    425309250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5209957250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11528414999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.404204                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783783                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.782939                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783351                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.249179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.004164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.011148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.013032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 68722.367954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 70465.710952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65897.186275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72215.099662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68838.918118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 68664.165068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65814.719791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72505.449672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70810.722538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38285.106698                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39123.441561                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38680.157922                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10016.757738                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10013.677326                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10015.181946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44000.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44000.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85430.788076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84150.197823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84809.519037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 68722.367954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 70465.710952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65897.186275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80709.806083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68838.918118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 68664.165068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65814.719791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79908.040638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78801.657987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 68722.367954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 70465.710952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65897.186275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80709.806083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68838.918118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 68664.165068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65814.719791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79908.040638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78801.657987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              478201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             478201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              33860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             33860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1282324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       624745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       624745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            37074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           37077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            551298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           551298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4264222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4394358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       335421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       335421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4729779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port         2212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    171538732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    171711000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     14073856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     14073856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               185784856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2919339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2919339    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2919339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            99723000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               54328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5540499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         18597273982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         9904783124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          186654467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             150                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              150                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           18                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           25451799                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          25443711                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             33860                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            33860                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8137324                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1341081                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1234414                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           46359                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          46371                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2149656                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2149656                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     32279635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     29644963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       905204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      2573359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              65403161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1032942144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1201952920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      3042880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      8674456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             2246612400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          665707                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         37265900                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.003100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.055590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5               37150380     99.69%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                 115520      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           37265900                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        56232033216                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          3430500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       72693447528                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       43148678653                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         527770675                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy        1503131700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   16411                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
