
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.136081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5136081138000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5136081138000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 275445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   547622                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5813086840                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1006240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   883.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243366027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     483844707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           488576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5525632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           145728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1937472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           336128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2922880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11386880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       488576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       145728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       336128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          970432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9156352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9156352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             86338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             30273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             45670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                177920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          143068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               143068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               95126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1075846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               28373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              377228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               65444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              569088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2217037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          95126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          28373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          65444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             188944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1782751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1782751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1782751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              95126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1075846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              28373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             377228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              65444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             569088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3999787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         83943                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       110041                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       83943                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     110041                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5367872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6959552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5372352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7042624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    1298                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            825                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5132269646500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   83943                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 110041                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     78296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        39516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      311.960320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     180.025881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     337.744102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15369     38.89%     38.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9220     23.33%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3764      9.53%     71.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2091      5.29%     77.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1514      3.83%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          970      2.45%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          639      1.62%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          601      1.52%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5348     13.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          39516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        20.342712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      185.525630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            4120     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        26.374727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.353037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       26.922743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-7                71      1.72%      1.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-15                7      0.17%      1.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            3190     77.37%     79.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             194      4.71%     83.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             131      3.18%     87.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              35      0.85%     87.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55             132      3.20%     91.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              15      0.36%     91.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              23      0.56%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              42      1.02%     93.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              60      1.46%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95              20      0.49%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103             93      2.26%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             8      0.19%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            26      0.63%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             5      0.12%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            22      0.53%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             8      0.19%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            11      0.27%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             2      0.05%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             5      0.12%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             3      0.07%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             3      0.07%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             3      0.07%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             5      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             4      0.10%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             1      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      931934250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2504553000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    419365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11111.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29861.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      66618                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     86482                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     26457180.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  145862640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   79389750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 313817400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                352952640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250172869440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            94379716215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2235135422250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2580580030335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.988936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3685687946000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    127900240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     17077044750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  152878320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   83263125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 340392000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                351702000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250172869440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            95036922225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2235169487250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2581307514360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.001289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3684742447500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    127900240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     18039817250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       818737889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   71815441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    146372002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            134241940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     946109                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14229680                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   134241940                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          246318200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         115340862                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            83590760                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55777582                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13734986                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10122778                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3612208                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              777021055.677311                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              41716833.322689                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050953                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949047                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15525387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                95218      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                132436366     90.48%     90.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58371      0.04%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    47638      0.03%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10122778      6.92%     97.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3612208      2.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 146372579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1637223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19645241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1637735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.995372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   126.457209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   281.700690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   103.841562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.246987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.550197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.202816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88377043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88377043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4914910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2565511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4026210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11506631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3467385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1750714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2858968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8077067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        20221                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        10190                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        29345                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59756                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8382295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4316225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6885178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19583698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8402516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4326415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6914523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19643454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       362607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       162199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       784843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1309649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       140483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        61206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       123727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       325416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       152674                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        62891                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       190739                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406304                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       503090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       223405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       908570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1635065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       655764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       286296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1099309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2041369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2292566250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12877344029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15169910279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2335955064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3849112259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6185067323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4628521314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16726456288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21354977602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4628521314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16726456288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21354977602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5277517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2727710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4811053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12816280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3607868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1811920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2982695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8402483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       172895                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        73081                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       220084                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       466060                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8885385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4539630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7793748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21218763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9058280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4612711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8013832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21684823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.068708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.163133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.041482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883045                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.860566                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.866665                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.871785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14134.281037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16407.541418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11583.187769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38165.458681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31109.719455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19006.647869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20718.073964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18409.650647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.629151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16166.908773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15215.427408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10461.106053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       134433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            27793                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.836937                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1546924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1546924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       365946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       366002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        30874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        32431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       396820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       398433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       396820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       398433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       162143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       418897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       581040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        92853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       152502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62890                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       187206                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       250096                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       221792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       511750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       733542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       284682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       698956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       983638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1966861250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5809520082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7776381332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2132969160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3102124491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5235093651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    862802000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2814001254                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3676803254                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4099830410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8911644573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13011474983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4962632410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11725645827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16688278237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30452841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  32981775500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63434616500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    580448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    654820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1235268000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31033289000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33636595500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64669884500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031131                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.860552                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.850612                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536618                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12130.411119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13868.612289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13383.555920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35758.674244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33408.985073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34328.032754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13719.224042                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15031.576199                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14701.567614                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18485.023851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17414.058765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17737.873200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17432.195959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16775.942730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16965.873865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           864556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.818449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          129670562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           865068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           149.896380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     150508783000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   137.666475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   267.493000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   105.658974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.268880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.522447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.206365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        131423060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       131423060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     87330581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     39275354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3064627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129670562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     87330581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     39275354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3064627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129670562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     87330581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     39275354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3064627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129670562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       333345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       394745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       887417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       333345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       394745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        887417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       333345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       394745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       887417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2225138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5515741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7740879655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2225138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5515741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7740879655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2225138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5515741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7740879655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     87663926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     39434681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3459372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130557979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     87663926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     39434681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3459372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130557979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     87663926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     39434681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3459372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130557979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13965.859522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13972.922152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8722.933700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13965.859522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13972.922152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8722.933700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13965.859522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13972.922152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8722.933700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4752                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.731343                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       372409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       531736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       372409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       531736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       159327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       372409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       531736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1905663500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4555263703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6460927203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1905663500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4555263703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6460927203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1905663500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4555263703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6460927203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11960.706597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12231.884039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.629641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11960.706597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12231.884039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.629641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11960.706597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12231.884039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.629641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2604019962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35730684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     69408718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             64481893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     491880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6558534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    64481893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          119402180                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          55560948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36459460                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           27231683                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4801643                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2988079                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1813564                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2476018804.880995                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              128001157.119005                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.049155                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.950845                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7226738                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                34859      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 64514544     92.95%     93.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   31705      0.05%     93.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    26275      0.04%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2988079      4.31%     97.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1813564      2.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69409026                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               29092929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         29092929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           315476                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26409431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25746575                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.490078                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 584007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             63229                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       153281353                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          10494646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     143459530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   29092929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26330582                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    141345595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 659748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     97189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             7888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55541                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2125                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          437                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3459376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               164097                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3515                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         152337401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.854593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.033085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                97296263     63.87%     63.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  832536      0.55%     64.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23575408     15.48%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  586344      0.38%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  814239      0.53%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  832677      0.55%     81.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  567105      0.37%     81.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  704147      0.46%     82.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27128682     17.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           152337401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.189801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.935923                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9688238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             93124886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 23395204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              5013369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                330525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             279674043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                330525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                11836052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               76001562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4488572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 26027497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             12868079                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             278471354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               223428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5927671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 64367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               4764004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          332707542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            607302278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       372965322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              116                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            320669422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                12038120                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            154906                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        156494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 24500450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6532282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3632430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           395237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          325236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 276569941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             416887                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                274532538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           100855                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8584816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13350787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         62925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    152337401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.802135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.398465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           89943207     59.04%     59.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5345468      3.51%     62.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3937636      2.58%     65.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3657575      2.40%     67.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           22350485     14.67%     82.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2587133      1.70%     83.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23826816     15.64%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             472076      0.31%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             217005      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      152337401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1755222     86.36%     86.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     86.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                    168      0.01%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                216539     10.65%     97.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                60595      2.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            75570      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            264135020     96.21%     96.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               55664      0.02%     96.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                49906      0.02%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6866354      2.50%     98.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3350024      1.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             274532538                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.791037                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2032524                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007404                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         703535734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        285575754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    272952384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                122                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               212                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           32                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             276489433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     59                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          719306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1204229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6084                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4820                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       645551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       756143                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        21686                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                330525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               70849508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1741832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          276986828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            38338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6532282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3632430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            240586                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                193301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1249611                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4820                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        179927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       186201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              366128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            273965652                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6730604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           516589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9996676                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27816636                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3266072                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.787338                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     273775485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    272952416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212880444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                349125324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.780728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8921992                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         353962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           318190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    151004847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.775201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.653055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     93801921     62.12%     62.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4186228      2.77%     64.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1259762      0.83%     65.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24518557     16.24%     81.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1012800      0.67%     82.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       677237      0.45%     83.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       473264      0.31%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23075029     15.28%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2000049      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    151004847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           135819902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             268063987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8314932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5328053                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     161474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27411077                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                244897516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              434912                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        44620      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       259602696     96.84%     96.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53542      0.02%     96.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48197      0.02%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5328053      1.99%     98.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2986879      1.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        268063987                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2000049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   425964171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  555310468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         112460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         943952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4909839532                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  135819902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    268063987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.128563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.128563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.886082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.886082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               364708409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              218787106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72944                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72912                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                139159619                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               107004309                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               89032423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                133306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3554527                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3554527                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57693                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10973                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7085054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7129192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7227772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3542527                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3570795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6605235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2673040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            142528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              134000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy            10349000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           277910069                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           302790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            34215251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47569                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.087266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000571413009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.087266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428616                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131125053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131125053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7701347765                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   7701347765                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131125053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    131125053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131125053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    131125053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145049.837389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145049.837389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164840.491545                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164840.491545                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145049.837389                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145049.837389                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145049.837389                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145049.837389                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         44239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.707143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        28920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     92773553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92773553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6197505767                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6197505767                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     92773553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92773553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     92773553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92773553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.619007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125879.990502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125879.990502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 214298.263036                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214298.263036                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125879.990502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125879.990502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125879.990502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125879.990502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104557                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64826.146133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3692284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   168716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.884611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51357.956330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.134652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1732.560753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4954.090850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      380.669805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1966.640889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     6.273350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      862.228039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3565.591465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.783660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.026437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.075593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.005809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.030009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.054407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978989                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 33845084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                33845084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             325698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             500488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        12200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             157050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             219829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        57606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        13614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             367139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             593198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2283839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1546924                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1546924                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              42                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              83                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 267                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            67626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            34040                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            59382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               161048                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              325698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              568114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         12200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              157050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              253869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         57606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         13614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              367139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              652580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2444889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             325698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             568114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        12200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             157050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             253869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        57606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        13614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             367139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             652580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2444889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            14793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             5204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             5252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            12827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           716                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           429                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1397                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          71999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          25327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          33038                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             86792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             30531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             45865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                178384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            86792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            30531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            45865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               178384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    168366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    397984750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2372250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    409592250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1011202500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1989517750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3186900                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4949298                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      8136198                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1722829913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2376737177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4099567090                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    168366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2120814663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2372250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    409592250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3387939677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6089084840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    168366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2120814663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2372250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    409592250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3387939677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6089084840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         333332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         515281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         159327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         225033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        57634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         372391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         606025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2331859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1546924                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1546924                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          294                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          512                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1664                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       139625                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59367                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        92420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           291412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          333332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          654906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          159327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          284400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        57634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          372391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          698445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2623273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         333332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         654906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         159327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         284400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        57634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         372391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         698445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2623273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.028709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.023125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.021166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834499                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.837891                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.839543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.515660                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.426617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.357477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.447353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.132526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.107352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.065667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.132526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.107352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.065667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73942.028986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76476.700615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 84723.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77987.861767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78833.905044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41431.023532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12646.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11536.825175                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5824.050107                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68023.449797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71939.499274                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31447.079639                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73942.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69464.303921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 84723.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77987.861767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73867.648032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34134.702888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73942.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69464.303921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 84723.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77987.861767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73867.648032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34134.702888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               96401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    96401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          429                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        25327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        33038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         58365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            83952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           83952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    332911750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2025250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343880250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    851567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669860250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3120740                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4453925                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574665                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1397470587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1953261823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350732410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1730382337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2025250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343880250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2804828823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5020592660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1730382337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2025250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343880250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2804828823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5020592660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27997956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30229371500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58227327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    540082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    615936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1156018000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28538038000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30845307500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59383345500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.837891                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409255                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.426617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.357477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.107352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.032003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.107352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61254.281950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63972.280938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 72330.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65476.056740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66393.809450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65262.056904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12383.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10382.109557                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11122.856094                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55177.106921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59121.672710                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57409.961621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61254.281950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56676.241754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 72330.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65476.056740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61155.346743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59803.133457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61254.281950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56676.241754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 72330.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65476.056740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61155.346743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59803.133457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5119668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5119668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            143068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7129192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3040070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       455653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10624915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10769868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3570795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6080137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17551104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     27202036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6015808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      6015808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33224508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              602                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            370472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  370472    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              370472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           162446500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           314906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          1120775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1662967675                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           35567749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7434879                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7434349                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13888                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13888                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1546924                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        28920                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           291412                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          291412                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1730144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     14995223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        73480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       207718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              17006565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     55364032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    213483380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       273608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       760144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              269881164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           70776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4251023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            3.011203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.105249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                4203399     98.88%     98.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  47624      1.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4251023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5194614325                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           931500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2395792281                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4837647628                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          25185912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          87831597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
