
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57847312000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                57847312000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 186854                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   238959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              152421830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 261476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   379.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70915127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      90690083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           8247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       324352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          324352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5372864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5372864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             128870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                128870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            142576720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               142576720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         5607037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5607037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92880098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92880098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92880098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           142576720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              235456818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        128870                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        83951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      128870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      83951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  8247360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5370944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   8247680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5372864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                8158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                8375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                8229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                8171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                8319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                8450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                8089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                7970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                8071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               7819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               7879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               7977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               8006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                5285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                5198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                5033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                5087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               5251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               5143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     57847280000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  128870                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  83951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    126560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        38379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      354.780687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     215.561409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     335.824723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          12139     31.63%     31.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8088     21.07%     52.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4086     10.65%     63.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2872      7.48%     70.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2530      6.59%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1664      4.34%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1273      3.32%     85.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1227      3.20%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4500     11.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          38379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        24.981187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      361.178240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           5153     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.276377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.259366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.777117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               4528     87.82%     87.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                  7      0.14%     87.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                480      9.31%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                121      2.35%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 14      0.27%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  2      0.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  2      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1539171500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3955390250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    644325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11944.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30694.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         142.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          92.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      142.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       92.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     112176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     62224                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       271811.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      81.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE      32236826000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF        1931540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       23675959000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 151237800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 138899880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  82520625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  75788625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                512678400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                492078600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               272322000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               271486080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0            3778092240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1            3778092240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           11712850200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           11277598770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0           24432156750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1           24813956250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0             40941858015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1             40847900445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             707.794027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             706.169709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14825675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9917897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            395023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9456669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6745546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             71.331100                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1719567                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        115694624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    70915127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      90690083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1146301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.631452                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.612951                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        96938261                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        18756363                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            156422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4068.596798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            42665450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            160518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            265.798540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         784159000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4068.596798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          86015580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         86015580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     22989734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        22989734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     19643878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19643878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      42633612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         42633612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     42633612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        42633612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        56058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         56058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       206023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       262081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         262081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       262081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        262081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2156088187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2156088187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15241867750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15241867750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17397955937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17397955937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17397955937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17397955937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     23045792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23045792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     42895693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42895693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     42895693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42895693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38461.739395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38461.739395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73981.389214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73981.389214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66383.888710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66383.888710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66383.888710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66383.888710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       128433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            128433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        98989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        98989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       101563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       101563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        53484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       107034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       160518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       160518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1995361313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1995361313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7633992250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7633992250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9629353563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9629353563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9629353563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9629353563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37307.630562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37307.630562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71323.058561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71323.058561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59989.244589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59989.244589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59989.244589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59989.244589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             42703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1858.978148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25082437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             44745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            560.564018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1858.978148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.907704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.907704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          50299111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         50299111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25082437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25082437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25082437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25082437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25082437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25082437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         44746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          44746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         44746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897678738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    897678738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897678738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    897678738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897678738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    897678738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25127183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25127183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25127183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25127183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25127183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25127183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20061.653287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20061.653287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20061.653287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20061.653287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20061.653287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20061.653287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    806263262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    806263262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    806263262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    806263262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    806263262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    806263262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18018.666741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18018.666741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18018.666741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18018.666741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18018.666741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18018.666741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            95732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29937.969910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs              99708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           126850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.786031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26706.762922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3231.206988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.815026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.098609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        31118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949646                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          2903460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         2903460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        71567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          71567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       128433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       128433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst         4753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         4753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        76320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           76320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        76320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          76320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        26663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        26663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       102281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       102281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       128944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        128944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       128944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       128944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1987300500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1987300500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7479393750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7479393750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9466694250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9466694250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9466694250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9466694250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        98230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       128433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       128433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       107034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       107034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       205264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       205264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       205264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       205264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.271434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.271434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.955594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.628186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.628186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74534.017177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74534.017177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73125.934924                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73125.934924                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73417.097732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73417.097732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73417.097732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73417.097732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        83951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            83951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        26590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       102281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       102281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       128871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       128871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       128871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       128871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1644904750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644904750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6188348750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6188348750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7833253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7833253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7833253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7833253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.270691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.955594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.627831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.627831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61861.780745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61861.780745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60503.404836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60503.404836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60783.679028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60783.679028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60783.679028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60783.679028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          98230                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         98229                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       128433                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       107034                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       107034                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        89491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       449469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            538960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2863680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     18492864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           21356544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       333697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5             333697    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         333697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      295281500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      68080238                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     268447937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             83951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            102281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           102281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       341691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 341691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     13620544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13620544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            212821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  212821    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              212821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           929388500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1213397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
