
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.403557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                403557300500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               403557300500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114335                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   211418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55801045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 368712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7232.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            163584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24544448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24708032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       163584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          163584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18888768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18888768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             383507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          295137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               295137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               405355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             60820230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                61225585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          405355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             405355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          46805665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               46805665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          46805665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              405355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            60820230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              108031251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386063                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       295137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386063                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     295137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24688384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     19648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18886848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24708032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18888768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      307                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              23978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              24084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              23896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               19197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               19026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               19135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               19091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               17959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              17012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    403557258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386063                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 295137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    380830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       146836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      296.749026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     175.460690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     322.805815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          54147     36.88%     36.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39842     27.13%     64.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13777      9.38%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7669      5.22%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5515      3.76%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3906      2.66%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2997      2.04%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2808      1.91%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16175     11.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         146836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.029754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      217.905540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17500     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.853626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.775847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.814458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17322     98.93%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             130      0.74%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              32      0.18%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               9      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               3      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4294664500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11527589500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1928780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11133.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29883.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          61.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          46.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       61.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       46.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     318250                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       592421.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  567929880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  309882375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1525258800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                982361520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            26358156240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            62125312320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           187636398750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             279505299885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.609739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   311602147750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13475540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     78476140500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  541832760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  295642875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1483138800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                929594880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            26358156240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            60415771455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           189135996000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             279160133010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              691.754421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   314107658000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13475540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     75970627000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               219252380                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         219252380                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8528271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            123973177                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               121800120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.247156                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                27061903                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1407355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        807114602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          175891157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1208567118                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   219252380                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          148862023                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     621375374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                17762469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                90709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        718160                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1191                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           35                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 170755406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2320013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          806958068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.786744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.368251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                417094848     51.69%     51.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 32452037      4.02%     55.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 31902781      3.95%     59.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 32612026      4.04%     63.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 26524373      3.29%     66.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 26910367      3.33%     70.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 35157617      4.36%     74.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 31335613      3.88%     78.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                172968406     21.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            806958068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.271650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.497392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                120421699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             370368413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 225215938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              82070784                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                8881234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2132047991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                8881234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                152579592                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               150649676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          43646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 271398208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             223405712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2088421237                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                135982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              138413157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               24833190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               50057898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2190635347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5277929489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3356932236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             59989                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                576594493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               3330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           3150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 422929221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            507109788                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           200805340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         229274294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         68310404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2023046060                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               27646                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1788955161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            413315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       494085005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    832817551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          27094                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     806958068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.216912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.070634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           238363650     29.54%     29.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           123779759     15.34%     44.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           118420990     14.67%     59.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           107850309     13.37%     72.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            89928227     11.14%     84.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            60113985      7.45%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            42280336      5.24%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            18948850      2.35%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             7271962      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       806958068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11501801     42.82%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               12260611     45.64%     88.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               3099977     11.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2718189      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1183067002     66.13%     66.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               368893      0.02%     66.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3881187      0.22%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 137      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 38      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 395      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            428511642     23.95%     90.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           170407678      9.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1788955161                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.216482                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    26862389                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4412114486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2517408815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1762314892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               29608                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              69342                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5559                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1813086388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   12973                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        185891278                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    123009946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       214354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       373061                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     51645154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23005                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1152                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                8881234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                97675937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               6156450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2023073706                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            372553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             507112103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            200805340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              12025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1859445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3396246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         373061                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        4843605                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4134020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              8977625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1769939059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             423109380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          19016102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    590326143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                168971977                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  167216763                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.192922                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1766810354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1762320451                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1339786199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2050074397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.183482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.653531                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       494145922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           8608481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    739768084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.066849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.575796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    275719169     37.27%     37.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    172002982     23.25%     60.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     56035372      7.57%     68.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     86287676     11.66%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25889173      3.50%     83.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26492883      3.58%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9844270      1.33%     88.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9007252      1.22%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78489307     10.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    739768084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1526605509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1819099      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989721889     64.73%     64.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          3878536      0.25%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384102157     25.12%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149160186      9.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1528988701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              78489307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2684413400                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4113633509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          156534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.976100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.976100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.024485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.024485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2722552264                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1435774618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      5765                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      491                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 596650045                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                405459285                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               971600702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2530810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.810337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           382026213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2534906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            150.706264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1673396500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.810337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         773143076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        773143076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    233377627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       233377627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148173651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148173651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     381551278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        381551278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    381551278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       381551278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2766256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2766256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       986551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       986551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3752807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3752807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3752807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3752807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58648858500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58648858500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30791929995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30791929995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  89440788495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89440788495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  89440788495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89440788495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    236143883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    236143883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    385304085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    385304085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    385304085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    385304085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21201.529613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21201.529613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31211.696096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31211.696096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23833.037109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23833.037109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23833.037109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23833.037109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.354662                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     7.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2330455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2330455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1001445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1001445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1020865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1020865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1020865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1020865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1764811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1764811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       967131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       967131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2731942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2731942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2731942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2731942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33568096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33568096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29570460997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29570460997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63138557497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63138557497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63138557497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63138557497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19020.788345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19020.788345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30575.445309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30575.445309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23111.236438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23111.236438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23111.236438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23111.236438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1037.520443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           170544686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          20557.459740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1037.520443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.506602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.506602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.784668                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         341716240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        341716240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    170547776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       170547776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     170547776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        170547776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    170547776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       170547776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       207629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        207629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       207629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         207629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       207629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        207629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1204990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1204990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1204990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1204990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1204990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1204990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    170755405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170755405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    170755405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    170755405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    170755405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    170755405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5803.572719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5803.572719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5803.572719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5803.572719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5803.572719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5803.572719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          923                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           71                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              6689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       205432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    915620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    915620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4457.046614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4457.046614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4457.046614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4457.046614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4457.046614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4457.046614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           355320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29620.939989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3892489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           387653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.041168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     189331361500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21024.490956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   186.822585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8409.626448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.641617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.256641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986725                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         43293695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        43293695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2330455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2330455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6282                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         6282                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1842                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1842                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       563562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       563562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         5713                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5713                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1587786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1587786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2151348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2157061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2151348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2157061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       195194                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       195194                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2558                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       176633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       176633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       383558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       383558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     12720000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     12720000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16418152000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16418152000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210152000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    210152000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14200919500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14200919500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30619071500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30829223500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30619071500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30829223500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2330455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2330455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6282                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6282                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       197036                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       197036                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       770487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       770487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1764419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1764419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2534906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2543177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2534906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2543177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.309273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    65.165937                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    65.165937                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79343.491603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79343.491603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82154.808444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82154.808444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80397.884314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80397.884314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82154.808444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79829.051930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79844.459955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82154.808444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79829.051930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79844.459955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       295137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           295137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       195194                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       195194                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3766618491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3766618491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14348902000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14348902000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184524501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184524501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12434572036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12434572036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184524501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26783474036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26967998537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184524501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26783474036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26967998537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990651                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990651                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.309152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19296.794425                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19296.794425                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69343.491603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69343.491603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72164.450919                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72164.450919                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70397.785442                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70397.785442                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72164.450919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69829.006398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69844.472598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72164.450919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69829.006398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69844.472598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5474873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2731236                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       212343                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3595                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3595                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1969849                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2625592                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       260538                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       197036                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       197036                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       770487                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       770487                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       205432                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1764419                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       220390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7994694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8215084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       957312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    311383104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312340416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      552481                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3292694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.124385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.330020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2883132     87.56%     87.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             409562     12.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3292694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5103271503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     308149990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3900879073                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       295137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            56656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           195245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        179189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1319163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1319163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1319163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            933101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  933101    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              933101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2242999911                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2042259250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
