
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 51.234988                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                51234988037500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51234988037500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 253332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   297695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            14683650995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3489.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   883939374                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1038732312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       127040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       124736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          3010420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         25072712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker        36992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker        30656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           716608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          7359168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker        93568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker        90944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          2126784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data         17729152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        417856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             56936636                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3010420                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       716608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      2126784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         5853812                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     77081408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         20580                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          77101988                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         1985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         1949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             87445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            391774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst             11197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            114987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker         1462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker         1421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst             33231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data            277018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           6529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                930055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1204397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             2573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1206970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          2480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          2435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               58757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              489367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker           598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               13987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              143636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          1826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker          1775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               41510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              346036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             8156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1111284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          58757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          13987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          41510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             114254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1504468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data                402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1504870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1504468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         2480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         2435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              58757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             489769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker          598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              13987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             143636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker         1826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker         1775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              41510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             346036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide            8156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2616154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        440433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       603232                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      440433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     603232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28170752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     16960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  38511488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28187712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               38606848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    1490                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          18504                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               27633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               30320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               26148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               26657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               26790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               29797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              28841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              30668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              26625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              26518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               36759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               37480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               39199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               39135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               41156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               37007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               36943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               37618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               39787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              38447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              38818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              34864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              36482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              35714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          12                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    51233791781500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  440433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 603232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    309302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     89084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     29255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     12395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    12525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    16592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    24225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    27652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    32938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    36604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    38132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    38614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    39680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    39064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    37806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    36835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    37288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    32715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    32497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    31145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     1151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       270943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      246.111691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.841271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     289.814348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         123351     45.53%     45.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67798     25.02%     70.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24089      8.89%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12477      4.61%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8623      3.18%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5501      2.03%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4269      1.58%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3914      1.44%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20921      7.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         270943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         29531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        14.905286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       10.293446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            12117     41.03%     41.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           16080     54.45%     95.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::32-47            1080      3.66%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             183      0.62%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::64-79              43      0.15%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::80-95              13      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::96-111              6      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::112-127             3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::128-143             3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::176-191             2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::320-335             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           29531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         29531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.376621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.754514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       13.014003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                 5      0.02%      0.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                10      0.03%      0.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11               10      0.03%      0.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              38      0.13%      0.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24052     81.45%     81.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            2161      7.32%     88.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             399      1.35%     90.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             574      1.94%     92.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             563      1.91%     94.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             287      0.97%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             195      0.66%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             150      0.51%     96.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             203      0.69%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              86      0.29%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              51      0.17%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              59      0.20%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             110      0.37%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              84      0.28%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              56      0.19%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              59      0.20%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              85      0.29%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              34      0.12%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91              26      0.09%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              18      0.06%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              70      0.24%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            10      0.03%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             9      0.03%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             9      0.03%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            14      0.05%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             8      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             6      0.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             7      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            32      0.11%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             9      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             3      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             7      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             7      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             8      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-235             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           29531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    10316676500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               18569826500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2200840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       23438.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  42188.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        0.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        26.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     332271                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    438696                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   75.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     49090265.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49384314860250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1710848620000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      139817808500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                1046447640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                1001881440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 570978375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 546661500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               1720321200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               1712989200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              1969369200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              1929918960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3346419900720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3346419900720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1177540520625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1174853241090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          29708058483750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          29710415746500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            34237326021510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            34236880339410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.241213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.232514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst            1                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            3                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1666                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6826496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1669                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    78485873                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     85123                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   72027961                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    28205                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1285                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21048                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    509                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   51602                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  4002                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                     9811                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                78570996                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               72056166                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        150513834                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         113328                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    150627162                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   421004293                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     63363                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1285                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21048                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    509                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   36267                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               421067656                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        421004293                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          63363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    421067656                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       506516508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  420811760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    495213745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            454628715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                411957                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   25378118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     63987651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   454628715                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       411957                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          670075882                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         361231436                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              665979                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             343448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           110680974                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          110422200                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    150607491                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   78559078                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  72048413                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              494422986.191521                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              12093521.808479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         93934421                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                343753597     69.37%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 1048568      0.21%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    47671      0.01%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  1      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             50027      0.01%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                78559078     15.85%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               72048413     14.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 495507356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   16313                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         10203749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          304434614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10204261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.834068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         33050500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   496.228127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.974365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    10.797225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.969196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.009716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.021088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1294524003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1294524003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     73268923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     23739594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     59414779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      156423296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     68111490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     21735522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     49847350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139694362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       193034                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        58570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data       140375                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       391979                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       149338                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data        52269                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu2.data       129188                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       330795                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1809029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       564897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data      1231072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3604998                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      1922189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       609751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data      1411604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3943544                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    141380413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     45475116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    109262129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       296117658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    141573447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     45533686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    109402504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      296509637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2527678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       793028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      4769702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8090408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1085359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       334528                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      4280292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5700179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       626966                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       195030                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       455384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1277380                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       755062                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data       138919                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu2.data       339873                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total      1233854                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       114004                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        45120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data       230004                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       389128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3613037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1127556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      9049994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      13790587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      4240003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1322586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      9505378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     15067967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12089122250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  81775203412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93864325662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9781004455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 158074758437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 167855762892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2453110503                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10603203705                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  13056314208                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    651998250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3227061036                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3879059286                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       150500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        64001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       214501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  21870126705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 239849961849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 261720088554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  21870126705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 239849961849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 261720088554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     75796601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     24532622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     64184481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    164513704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     69196849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     22070050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     54127642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    145394541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       820000                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       253600                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       595759                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1669359                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       904400                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       191188                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu2.data       469061                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1564649                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1923033                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       610017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1461076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3994126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1922190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       609753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1411608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3943551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    144993450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     46602672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    118312123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    309908245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    145813450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     46856272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    118907882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    311577604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.074312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.079078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764593                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.769046                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.764376                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.765192                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834876                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.726609                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.724582                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.788582                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059283                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073965                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000003                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000003                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.079939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15244.256508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17144.719610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11601.927327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29238.223572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36930.835195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29447.454701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17658.567244                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31197.546451                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10581.733502                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14450.315824                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14030.456149                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9968.594617                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16000.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30643                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19396.044813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26502.775786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18978.168845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16535.882510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25233.079826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17369.303275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     16646814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        16737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1171436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.210605                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    43.929134                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7869277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          7869277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      2728886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2729907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         3191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      3547950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3551141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         2444                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_hits::total         2444                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        10468                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       139963                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       150431                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      6276836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6281048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      6276836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6281048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       792007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      2040816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2832823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       331337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       732342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1063679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       194976                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       448304                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       643280                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138919                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       337429                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       476348                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34652                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        90041                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       124693                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1123344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      2773158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3896502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1318320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3221462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4539782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10425295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  30694668987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41119964487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8981852045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24997038072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33978890117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2907550500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9282645690                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190196190                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2175272497                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9841405614                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12016678111                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    423668250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1137848378                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561516628                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       146500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        55999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19407147545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  55691707059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75098854604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22314698045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  64974352749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  87289050794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    887936500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1414128501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2302065001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    802092250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1441281461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2243373711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1690028750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   2855409962                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4545438712                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.013530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.768833                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.752492                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385346                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.726609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.719371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056805                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061626                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031219                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.023439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.027092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13163.135553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15040.390210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14515.543148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27107.905380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34133.011724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31944.684550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14912.350751                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20706.140677                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18950.062477                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15658.567201                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29165.855970                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25226.679048                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12226.372215                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12637.002899                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12522.889240                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        73250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13999.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33749.833333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17276.228426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20082.414006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19273.403325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16926.617244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20169.212845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19227.586433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         14506041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.977027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          610832898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         14506553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.107377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9058180500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   497.195368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4.341031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    10.440628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.971085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.008479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.020392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        640265260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       640265260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    414440150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    132748322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     63644426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      610832898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    414440150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    132748322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     63644426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       610832898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    414440150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    132748322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     63644426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      610832898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      6622096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      6239288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14925692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      6622096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      6239288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      14925692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      6622096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      6239288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     14925692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27633797750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  83140755110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 110774552860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27633797750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  83140755110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 110774552860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27633797750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  83140755110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 110774552860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    421062246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    134812630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     69883714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    625758590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    421062246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    134812630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     69883714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    625758590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    421062246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    134812630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     69883714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    625758590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.089281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.089281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.089281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13386.470309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13325.359418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7421.736484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13386.470309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13325.359418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7421.736484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13386.470309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13325.359418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7421.736484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        42469                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             3518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.071916                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst       419022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       419022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst       419022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       419022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst       419022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       419022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      5820266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7884574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      5820266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7884574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      2064308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      5820266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7884574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  23501092750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  67935136085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91436228835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  23501092750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  67935136085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91436228835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  23501092750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  67935136085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91436228835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.083285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.083285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.083285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11384.489500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11672.170324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11596.850868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11384.489500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11672.170324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11596.850868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11384.489500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11672.170324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11596.850868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25401715                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     30145                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   22878884                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9290                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               6765                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    155                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   21663                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1295                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                     3011                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25431860                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               22888174                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         48280599                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          39435                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     48320034                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   134812630                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     23831                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               6765                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    155                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   16095                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               134836461                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        134812630                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          23831                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    134836461                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1276129163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  134717323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    158229449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            145215192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                135383                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    7898602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     20639469                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   145215192                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       135383                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          211626069                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         115298933                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              217457                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             117636                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            35416182                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           35358802                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     48278390                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   25401257                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  22877133                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1248602360.762588                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              27526802.237412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.021571                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.978429                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         30073331                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                109658909     69.26%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  355788      0.22%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    13920      0.01%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  8      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 13      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 20      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             17708      0.01%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                25401257     16.04%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               22877133     14.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 158324756                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               96972708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         66097998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect          4361259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            65994487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               47080178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.339562                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS               12396082                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect            131444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    77639620                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    447330                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   59480935                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                   199454                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                        1277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              14382                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    391                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                   38430                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                       78                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                  6154                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                    38837                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                78086950                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               59680389                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        137120555                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         646784                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    137767339                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    70053409                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                     78615                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                        1277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              14382                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    391                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                   29938                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                   146701                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                70132024                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         70053409                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                          78615                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     70132024                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       464363800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles         179489584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     430854602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   96972708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          59476260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    257591256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                9826419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                   1844126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      3763568                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       118840                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3975                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 69883749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes              2672352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  30337                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         447734787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.124399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.366335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0               341635028     76.30%     76.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                13406310      2.99%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                13636635      3.05%     82.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 9872032      2.20%     84.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                19981367      4.46%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 6599798      1.47%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 7144304      1.60%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 6328128      1.41%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                29131185      6.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           447734787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.208829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.927838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles               146627317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles            209331987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 78382912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              9473245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               3917341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved            14361500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred              1009950                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             470418171                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts              3106090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               3917341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles               152067726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               18239112                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles     166025180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 82266415                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25216691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             459074168                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                65027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               1852942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents               1258209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents              11783264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3675                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          439034296                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            699577887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       541505861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups           695779                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            366271083                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                72763213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts          10011965                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts       8575733                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 52414102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            74518711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           62619461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          9405778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores        10283621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 436211457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            9985811                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                434881060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           606856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       56709441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39627449                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        236091                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    447734787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.971292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.683506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          279611354     62.45%     62.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           68418670     15.28%     77.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           31957007      7.14%     84.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           22824194      5.10%     89.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           17260103      3.85%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           11876528      2.65%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            7949958      1.78%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            4742790      1.06%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3094183      0.69%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      447734787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2194515     25.29%     25.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 17472      0.20%     25.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   1369      0.02%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               1      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               3568581     41.12%     66.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              2897037     33.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            294218561     67.65%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1060208      0.24%     67.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                49487      0.01%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                203      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         49890      0.01%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            79213886     18.22%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           60288825     13.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             434881060                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.936509                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    8678975                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1325952907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        503003259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    418204813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             829831                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            395434                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       359511                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             443116084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 443951                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3398365                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     12383710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        15996                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       500564                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      6611339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2691934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6258076                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               3917341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               10960428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5883186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          446296417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1350381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             74518711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            62619461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           8384922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                176072                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              5630257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        500564                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2018361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1727301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts             3745662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            429773841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             77626990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          4469356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        99149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                   137107534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                79765421                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  59480544                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.925511                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     419443427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    418564324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                206922501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                359375214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.901372                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       60955622                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        9749720                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts          3365248                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    437429844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.880802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.877626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    298552711     68.25%     68.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     66327454     15.16%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     24603217      5.62%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11085486      2.53%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      7951378      1.82%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4924801      1.13%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4385642      1.00%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3037837      0.69%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     16561318      3.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    437429844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           328410291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             385289118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                     118143123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     62135001                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                    2566531                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  73369628                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    345769                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                353907438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls             9528374                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       266264239     69.11%     69.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         801904      0.21%     69.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           36966      0.01%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        42886      0.01%     69.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       62135001     16.13%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      56008122     14.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        385289118                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             16561318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   864512984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  902807617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                        2960923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       16629013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                 99452987332                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  328410291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    385289118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.413975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.413975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.707226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.707226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               505452117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              299365113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                   681432                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                  426556                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 91860984                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                92633679                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads             1668736685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes               9854923                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40323                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40323                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136665                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              30001                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       106664                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       122952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       230944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       230944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  353976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7334208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7334208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7492376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             7273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy               33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            16992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           330247943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            38409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36054619                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115453                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               10.417239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         13085938891009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.549977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     6.867262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.221874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.429204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.651077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1039605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1039605                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8848                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      2752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     58617716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61369716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   9336377608                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   9336377608                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      2752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     58617716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     61369716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      2752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     58617716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     61369716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 74378.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide  6655.054042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6938.351159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 87530.728343                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87530.728343                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        68800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide  6655.054042                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6935.998644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        68800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide  6655.054042                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6935.998644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         56930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.875225                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          106630                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               106630                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide        34376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        34376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      1920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     38284716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40204716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   7548587846                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7548587846                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      1920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     38284716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40204716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      1920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     38284716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40204716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.044391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.322283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.044391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.044391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 97914.874680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98783.085995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 219588.894752                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219588.894752                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 97914.874680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98783.085995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 97914.874680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98783.085995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                  1295349                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65279.372199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                   28812912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                  1358291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.212621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                395986000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   37161.709727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   165.709328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   242.089797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3863.683177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     8425.677492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    52.724328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker    79.048207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      858.449063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3027.055416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker   115.755562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker   187.843721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2139.828130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     8959.798251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.567043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.058955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.128566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.001206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.013099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.046189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.001766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.002866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.032651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.136716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.996084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        62643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955856                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                273263421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses               273263421                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       201117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       129157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst            6577739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data            3133333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        70837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker        49793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst            2053111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             984012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker       392546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker       149888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst            5786914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data            2465786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total               21994233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7869277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              7869277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       350049                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       108782                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu2.data       265889                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       724720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            4870                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            1538                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            3474                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9882                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           805786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           246665                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data           552298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total              1604749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        201117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        129157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst             6577739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data             3939119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         70837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         49793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst             2053111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data             1230677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        392546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        149888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst             5786914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data             3018084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                23598982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       201117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       129157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst            6577739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data            3939119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        70837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker        49793                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst            2053111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data            1230677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker       392546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker       149888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst            5786914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data            3018084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total               23598982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            44357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           135315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            11197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            37623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst            33232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data           109198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               378829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu0.data       405013                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu1.data        30137                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::cpu2.data        71540                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total       506690                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         17469                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          5625                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data         12633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             35727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         257234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          77509                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data         168114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             502857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             44357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            392549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             11197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            115132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             33232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data            277312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                881686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         1949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            44357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           392549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            11197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           115132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            33232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data           277312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               881686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     45108250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     37737500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    828318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2855365750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker    116123496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    120649748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2611961250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9473995950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    16089259944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        70497                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       855963                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total       926460                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     63905752                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    149653065                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    213558817                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       144500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       144500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5759901420                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16179534623                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  21939436043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     45108250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     37737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    828318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8615267170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker    116123496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    120649748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2611961250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25653530573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     38028695987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     45108250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     37737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    828318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8615267170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker    116123496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    120649748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2611961250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25653530573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    38028695987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       203102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       131106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        6622096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        3268648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        71415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        50272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        2064308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        1021635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       394019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker       151331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        5820146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        2574984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total           22373062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7869277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          7869277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       755062                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       138919                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu2.data       337429                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1231410                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22339                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         7163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           45609                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1063020                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       324174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       720412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2107606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       203102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       131106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         6622096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         4331668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        71415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        50272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         2064308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         1345809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       394019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker       151331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         5820146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data         3295396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total            24480668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       203102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       131106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        6622096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        4331668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        71415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        50272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        2064308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        1345809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       394019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker       151331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        5820146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        3295396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total           24480668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.014866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.006698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.041398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.036826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.042407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.536397                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.216939                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.212015                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.411471                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785285                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.784317                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.783332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.239097                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.238592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.014866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.090623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.085549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.005710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.084151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.036016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.014866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.006698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.090623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.085549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.084151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.036016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78041.955017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78783.924843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73976.779495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75894.153842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78834.688391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 83610.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78597.774735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86759.793678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42471.035597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data     2.339218                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    11.964817                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total     1.828455                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11361.022578                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11846.201615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5977.518879                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        72250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        36125                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74312.678786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96241.447012                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43629.572708                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78041.955017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78783.924843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73976.779495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74829.475472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78834.688391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 83610.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78597.774735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92507.827187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43131.790668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78041.955017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78783.924843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73976.779495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74829.475472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78834.688391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 83610.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78597.774735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92507.827187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43131.790668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks             1097767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                  1097767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        33232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       109194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          195186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30137                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        71540                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       101677                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5625                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18258                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        77509                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       168114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        245623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       115132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        33232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       277308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           440809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       115132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker         1462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker         1421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        33232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       277308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          440809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     37895750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     31757500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    686314500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2382171250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker     97090496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    101432248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2196003250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8117820950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13650485944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    616367003                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1933767537                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2550134540                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     56255625                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    126429131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182684756                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       120500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       130501                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4766611080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14083669373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18850280453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     37895750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     31757500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    686314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7148782330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker     97090496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    101432248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2196003250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22201490323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32500766397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     37895750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker     31757500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    686314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7148782330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker     97090496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker    101432248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2196003250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22201490323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32500766397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    816699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1310911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2127610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    743754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1345310999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2089064999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1560453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   2656221999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4216674999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.216939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.212015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785285                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.784317                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400316                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.239097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.018006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.009528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65563.581315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 66299.582463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61294.498526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63316.887276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 66409.367989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 71380.892329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66080.983690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74343.104475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69935.784042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20452.168530                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27030.577817                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25080.741367                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10007.846988                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10005.737540                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        60250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43500.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61497.517450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83774.518321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76744.769232                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65563.581315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 66299.582463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61294.498526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62092.053730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 66409.367989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 71380.892329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66080.983690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80060.763927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73729.815854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65563.581315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 66299.582463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61294.498526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62092.053730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 66409.367989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker 71380.892329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66080.983690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80060.763927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73729.815854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              464434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             464434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              33772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             33772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1204397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq       613284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       613284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            36382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           36386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            502275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           502275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       122952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4037051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4166813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       337307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       337307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4504120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    159247392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    159417170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     14194688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     14194688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               173611858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              579                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2743991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2743991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2743991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            42257500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          6097591000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         4309666748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38158381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             151                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              151                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           18                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           22879889                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22879700                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             33772                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            33772                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7869277                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1265786                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1231410                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           45609                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          45616                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2107606                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2107606                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     29099470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     28504181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       848529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      1761011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              60213191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    928591700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1156912126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      3110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      6320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             2094934162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          368424                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34177702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.003380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.058037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5               34062190     99.66%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                 115512      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           34177702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26362663917                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           981000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       35502866905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       21222039348                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         273701566                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         651522269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
